Frontend Developer

Simply Deliver is an international company providing cross-platform software solutions for Logistics as a SaaS and as a Platform to leading brands and based on international standards and customer experience. Simply Deliver has offices in the Netherlands and Turkey.
We are looking for "Frontend Developer" for our Development Center in İzmir.
A brief job description of the position and preferred qualifications for the suitable candidates are defined below:

Education
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering or Software Engineering in a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.

Experience / Technical Knowledge:

You have a good command of English written & spoken (Our working language is English).
You have a vast experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and WordPress (min. 2 years).
You know your way around within the Adobe suite.
You can implement responsive solutions. You know the entire web development process (from concept to launch).
You are capable of implementing a state-of-the-art web architecture.
You know testing and debugging by heart.
You love design and a solid look & feel.
You have a keen eye for details and are a problem solver.
You are a team player and curious about new technologies.
You have a passion to find ways to implement them in your work.
You have a big appetite to learn and improve your front-end skills.
You are willing to travel to the Netherlands for team meetings and sprints.
Job Description:
The successful new joiner will be a member of an international team, which enables him/her to improve his/her technical and personal competencies.
What we are expecting from her/him;
You will work as a part of the technical team (TR & NL based)
You will make web designs come to live.
Being a tech-savvy person, you have a good understanding of HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.
You will be responsible for building and maintaining web applications in WordPress.
You will work closely with the development team, UX/UI designers and graphic designers to deliver a consistent and reliable web experience.
You will work on optimizing web design for mobile and desktop to secure maximum speed and findability.
Together with the designers you are responsible for brand consistency.
Your work will have a direct impact on the user experience and bottom-line of our customers.
You will secure maximum speed and findability.

Nice to have:
German / Dutch language skills
Logistics- Transport, maritime & offshore IT or Retail- IT working knowledge
Knowledge and experience Trello,Slack, Google Meet etc.

What do we offer?
International work environment and international customer projects
Chance of self-development at one of the biggest new technologies
Opportunity to improve your soft and technical skills in a learning supportive environment with Buddies
Performance evaluation system
Health insurance package
Netflix and Spotify packages
Support and guidance for your career development
Working with hybrid system
Happy meeting sessions and Freaky Fridays / Simply Cafe with team soul