About the job
Crossover is the world's #1 source of full-time remote jobs. Our clients offer top-tier pay for top-tier talent. We're recruiting this role for our client, Totogi. Have you got what it takes?

Are you an expert at solving complex technical issues and debugging shoddy code? Have you paid your dues in the telecommunications industry and found yourself looking for the next step?

Totogi is disrupting this multibillion-dollar telco industry by introducing the world’s most advanced customer management system, which allows our enterprise customers to scale at an unprecedented pace. We’re looking for telecommunications technicians to help us deliver this service to our customers.

Unlike in most companies, you won’t just sit around all day pulling tickets and wondering whether you’re doing them correctly. In this role, you will maximize the utility of your technical toolbox to solve the most complicated customer implementation problems in our organization.

If you want to hitch your career to a rocket, join Totogi’s technical delivery team!


Implementing new features on existing software products by solving complex technical issues and making appropriate decisions
Solving complex implementation problems and bug fixes independently with minimal guidance


Interfacing directly with customers
Non-technical tasks; this is a role for those who love coding and want to dedicate time to solving complex technical issues


Solutions Integrator key responsibilities

At least 5 years of technical experience in the telecommunications industry
Basic coding ability (in any language) and experience using MySQL
Proficiency in at least 3 of the following technologies: Gitlab, Jenkins, Chaos Monkey, Kubernetes, Grafana, Redis, Hazelcast, Kiali, Active MQ, Artemis, Kafka, Bootstrap, EJB, jBPM, Hibernate, Oracle, PostgreSQL, JQuery, FTL, Struts, Core Java, Hibernate, Spring Boot, Apache Tomcat, JSP, Spring MVC, Angular, Drools, PHP, NodeJS, Yarn, Airflow, Hive, Scala, Hadoop


Totogi is focused on building telco software for the public cloud and is completely redefining how carriers engage with their subscribers to drive customer love! We are a product-driven telco software company made up of some of the best minds from the telecoms industry and the brightest engineering talent across the globe. Change the game with us.

There is so much to cover for this exciting role, and space here is limited. Hit the Apply button if you found this interesting and want to learn more. We look forward to meeting you!

Working with Crossover

This is a full-time (40 hours per week), long-term position. The position is immediately available and requires entering into an independent contractor agreement with Crossover. The compensation level for this role is $50 USD/hour, which equates to $100,000 USD/year assuming 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year. The payment period is weekly. Consult www.crossover.com/help-and-faqs for more details on this topic.

What to expect next:

You will receive an email with a link to start your self-paced, online job application.
Our hiring platform will guide you through a series of online “screening” assessments to check for basic job fit, job-related skills, and finally a few real-world job-specific assignments.

Important! If you do not receive an email from us:

First, emails may take up to 15 minutes to send, refresh and check again.
Second, check your spam and junk folders for an email from Crossover.com, mark as “Not Spam” since you will receive other emails as well.
Third, we will send to whatever email account you indicated on the Apply form - by default, that is the email address you use as your LinkedIn username and it might be different than the one you have already checked.
If all else fails, just reset your password by visiting https://www.crossover.com/auth/password-recovery if you already applied using LinkedIn EasyApply.
 Crossover Job Code: LJ-4943-TR-Istanbul-SolutionsInteg.001