About the job
Getir is the pioneer of ultra-fast delivery. By bringing together great technology with a unique operational model, we were the first to introduce the concept of groceries being delivered to your door in minutes. Technology continues to be at the heart of our business as we expand across the globe.

Great technology is developed by great people, and that's why we're looking for talented technologists to join our Getir Food team !

What You’ll Bring

Minimum 3 years of experience as a back-end engineer.
Experience with Golang, API-First Approach and REST Conventions, Microservice Architecture, Redis, Docker and Kubernetes.
Knowledge of Messaging Solutions (RabbitMQ, Apache Kafka, or similar) is required.
Experience with AWS, GPC, OpenShift, Azure or similar is highly desired.
Experience of Cloud-Native Service Engineering is required.
Design, build, scale and maintain.
Experience with Clean or Hexagonal Architecture is a must-to-have.
Domain-Driven Design is more than a nice-to-have.
Unit, Integration and E2E test knowledge is a plus.
Experience of OOP with Java, C#, NodeJS or similar is more than a nice-to-have.

What You’ll Be Doing

Leading the software development lifecycle.
technical design, implementation, testing, deployment, and monitoring.
Identification ability of engineering bottlenecks and discussing potential solutions
redact RFC and ADR documents.
Working with cross functional teams effectively to enable business growth.
Responsible for the quality assurance of the work we work on.
Applying a product mindset to back-end systems

You as a Getirian

You are a good person first, everything else is secondary. You are a champion of growth, and actively strive to be the best version of you, for yourself and your team. You value diversity, and embrace ideas over hierarchy. You aren't afraid to learn and re-learn at Getir speed. You are an initiator, in charge of your own story and your legacy.

Benefits

Once-in-a-career opportunity to make an impact in one of the fastest-growing mobile-commerce businesses in the world.
Take charge of your own career growth with us through professional development opportunities! We really mean it when we say that upward and sideways mobility are some of our favorite terms.
Working in a diverse and dynamic environment with our international team of thousands of Getirians across the globe.

Diversity makes us stronger. Our diverse cultures, backgrounds, beliefs, values, abilities, and lifestyles help us learn from each other. We’re proud to strive for a genuinely diverse and inclusive workplace. We know we can do better though. That’s why we hire and promote people with equity and equality in mind.

We will process your personal data as part of our recruitment procedures. To find out more, please consult our Candidate Privacy Notices.