About the job
At Airties we are on a mission to empower broadband operators to deliver a better-connected home experience for their subscribers. We have an exciting story to tell and we want you to help us tell it.

What you will do:
We are looking for experienced software developers/architects to work in the R&D Cloud Team designing, building and deploying high-performance, highly-scalable cloud/server based software applications and solutions around monitoring, managing and controlling network devices, and transforming collected data into pragmatic, actionable insights across a variety of core business areas including R&D engineering, customer support and marketing/business development.

What you should ideally bring:
MS/BS in Computer Science/Engineering or similar field
5+ years of 'solid' software architecture, design and development experience with good understanding of software analysis and design patterns
Strong working knowledge and experience developing software in Java and/or C++, and SQL
Hands-on experience designing and building enterprise-grade, scalable and distributed server/cloud applications and solutions
Good understanding of common network, web protocols and standards
Experience in at least one of the following web application development languages/frameworks: J2EE, Spring, PHP, Python, Node.js
Having used Java 17 and Spring 2.7.7 is a big plus
Profound knowledge of Software Development Best Practices, Clean Code & Clean Architecture
Good understanding of cloud/server hosting infrastructures, associated components (networking, security, load balancing, storage, etc.), and design/implementation considerations for cost, performance, scalability and high-availability
Knowledge and experience in the following cloud/enterprise computing technologies/solutions/tools are strongly preferred:
-Major AWS service components (EC2, Autoscaling, ELB, EFS, S3, Route53,
CloudWatch, CloudFormation, etc.)
-RDBMS (MySQL, PostgreSQL)
-Enterprise Messaging solutions (Kafka, RabbitMQ, etc.)
-Distributed caching solutions (Redis, Memcached, etc.)
-NoSQL solutions (HBase, Cassandra, MongoDB, etc.)
Working, hands-on experience and knowledge on Unix/Linux and/or derivatives
Understanding/writing technical documentation using UML diagrams
Excellent problem analysis and solving skills
Desire and positive attitude to work in a fast-paced, team-oriented, rapidly changing environment
Effective communication and documentation skills



Airties has a zero tolerance to discrimination policy. In this regard, during the course of the evaluation of your job application and during all your employment relation, if any, all discriminatory factors such as race, sex, sexual orientation, social gender definitions/roles, colour, national or social background, ethnicity, religion, age, disablement, political opinion or any status that is protected under law shall be totally disregarded.

*By applying to this job opening, you agree, acknowledge and consent to the transfer of your personal data by Airties to outside of Turkey; in particular to its subsidiaries.

*By applying to this job opening, you agree, acknowledge and consent to the transfer of your personal data by Airties to its headquarters established in Turkey.