About the job
Who we are & What we believe?
TurkNet, which naturally knows no boundaries and is a game-changer with its vision, started its adventure in 1996 as one of Turkey's first internet service providers. For more than 25 years, it has been a pioneer in the sector with its own infrastructure and technologies and has signed many firsts.
Behind these technologies, we TurkNet members, who are working hard to go "beyond" the current order and offer the internet that Turkey deserves, have our own software and, of course, our passion.
For us, a career means breaking the rules by developing with different expertise!
Join us if you want to see that being a big team that always dreams beyond and embraces change while going the way no one has gone and doing your job with passion is not bound by borders.

Who are you?
At least 7 year on below system and technologies,
Design, Install, Troubleshoot, Upgrade on VMware (vSphere, vCenter, vCloud), virtualization systems.
Strong Hands on Experience on Kubernetes and Container technologies.
Desing and Maintain DRC Replications and Systems, Failover Scenarios
Strong Experience on Server & Storage Technologies,
Experince on Storage Systems (Hitachi Preferable), SAN management, LUN/POOL management, ISCSI Lun Management
Automation Projects Knowledge for Self Service Server Portals (VRA , CloudForms)
Hands on Experince on Azure/AWS IaaS & PaaS, Network Gateways, LoadBalancers.
Hands on Experince on automation tools Terraform , Ansible , AWX
Basic Scripting on Powershell, PowerCLI,
Must have general network troubleshooting knowledge (TCP-IP, DNS, VLAN, Routing)
Certifications are preferable , MCSE , Azure Administrator, Azure Expert, Vmware VCP-DCV

What We Offer?
If you will work with us; you have ...
Continuous learning opportunities to develop your mastery.
Unlimited working model that focuses on wellbeing of employees.
Working remotely and flexibly, as we take care to remove borders.
Reimbursement of transportation to the office
Various need and special day leaves (birthday, pet adoption, etc.)
Meal card that allows you to eat whatever you want, wherever you want
Discounts from several brands
Personal health insurance
Onboarding program
TurkNet invoice discount
Special gifts for special days
A high-speed computer, a must for a technology company
No dress code
Friendly office in the center of Istanbul, if you like working from the office
Workshops, events and trainings tailored to you for development and different experiences
The reservation system where you can always reach our institution doctor for your health
Hot and cold soft drinks in our office kitchen.