About the job
Layer is a simple, intuitive, and responsive AI tool for game artists. For the past 2 years, our team has been developing AI infrastructure and our has experience enabled us to achieve unparalleled performance in our UI. As such, Layer is the fastest AI image-generation experience out there.Layer enables any game artist to generate countless new assets based on their unique art styles. All artists have to do is to upload their existing game assets. We're also excited to share that Layer is already being used by game studios that create games played and loved by millions. Head to layer.ai to find out who we're working with.We firmly believe that exceptional companies are built by exceptional people. We look for people to join our team who are passionate about their work, grounded, achieve more with less, are full of grit and challenge themselves and their team to do better.

Engineering at Layer

We value quality at high speed at Layer. We iterate fast, quickly eliminating ideas that don't work and focusing on ideas that do. We use code reviews, post-mortems, and automated tests effectively to help us maintain our speed while giving our users a great experience. We rely on every team member to bring their full experience and passion to their work, and we expect a lot from each other in order to continuously strive towards becoming a world-class engineering team.

The role

This person will be the first FE engineer of our newly forming engineering team based in Istanbul, Turkey. Working closely with our CEO and Engineering leadership, you'll focus on making our product slick and efficient for our users, implementing new features, and ensuring we're making continuous improvements to our technology.

We are looking for someone who wants to ship beautiful and thoughtful products from their first week. You should be able to independently identify areas within our FE to improve, leading to impactful features and a better UI experience for our users. Whilst "years of experience" isn't a term we care for, as we're a small team, you'll need to be comfortable working independently and autonomously, identifying things to work on, and sharing your opinions, project estimates, and expertise with the team.

Importantly we're looking for a team member comfortable working in a very typical start-up environment. We move very quickly, unblock ourselves, work independently, and are all passionate about Layer.

We'd love to hear from you if you

Have experience with:
TypeScript
React
GraphQL
Tailwind

Are excited by
Everything AI!
Gaming
Working at a start-up with the opportunity to shape our product and company

Are able to
Communicate in written and spoken English to a good standard - this is essential as all our communication as a team is in English

Nice to haves 
Python coding skills
it would be great if you are able to use a bit of Python (you don't need to be an expert) to increase working autonomy and unblock yourself where needed
Experience working with an international team
Prior stints at start-ups, understanding and enjoying what this means for your working life

Location

This role will be based in our Engineering hub in Istanbul, Turkey. Initially, it will be fully office based, with flexibility to come later in 2023.

What we offer:
Equity plan
Competitive salary
Laptop/ equipment budget
Access for global co-working spaces

Commitment to equal opportunity:

Diversity is hugely important to us. Everyone should work in an environment free from discrimination

and harassment. At Layer, we celebrate diversity and continually strive to provide a more equitable, diverse, and inclusive space. All applicants will be treated fairly and judged solely on their merits. Our recruitment process is open, honest, and fair.