About the job
Once you are part of us, you will get to work side by side with highly talented and experienced product developers, get the chance to take part in huge global projects promising international growth, employ the latest and finest technologies, and enjoy the ride with your new close-knit teammates.

Get a clearer idea of how we approach the projects we develop from the podcast here:

And if you want to get a better picture of our company culture, we strongly suggest you check out our Instagram profile:



4+ years experience in software development and in-depth knowledge of Node.js
Good knowledge of how JavaScript works
Good knowledge of TypeScript
Experience with at least one Node.JS framework such as NestJS, Express, Koa, Hapi
Experience in testing and its techniques
Feeling comfortable with strict linting rules
Focus on sustainability instead of getting things done
Knowledge of functional and object-oriented programming principles
Experience in Docker and its tools
Experience in caching for high-traffic, public-facing websites
Experience in using Git for source control
Having the habit of writing clean and useful documentation
Bonus point if you worked with distributed systems
Bonus point if you have experience with GraphQL
Bonus point if you have an idea about TDD, BDD, and DDD
Bonus point if you have experience with Cloud ecosystems such as AWS, Azure
Bonus point if you have experience in managing an open-source project



We don’t solely lean on libraries or frameworks in software development but on the overall sustainability, reliability, and purity of the code itself. We like to think about abstractions such as Separation of Concerns, layered architecture, and IoC rather than just “getting things done”.

If you are willing to talk about these, then we can confidently say that we are on the same page.



USD-based salary: Salaries and performance-based raises that are frequently made within the year are all paid in USD.

A bonus system that really rewards: Got a friend looking for a job? Refer them and get a bonus. Have an idea for content? Write it down and get a bonus. Got something you want to share? Present it at a meetup and get a bonus!

Top-quality equipment: Get the latest MacBook Pro and all the additional accessories you need to craft the ideal work environment that suits you the most.

Private healthcare: We’ll provide you with a premium medical package that lets you focus on living the life you want without worrying about anything.

Epic team retreats: Happy people vacationing together, no awkward silences at all. Check out our YouTube!

Flexible workplace: Here, you have the freedom to work remotely from the comfort of your home or wherever you may roam!

Do you wish to work at our HQ in Ýzmir? In that case, it would be our pleasure to offer you an excellent office with a private Chef and lots of comfy chillout spaces filled with people like you.