About the job
Before jumping in on all the information about the role and what you can bring to the table, let us introduce ourselves real quick.

About Us

Hi there! We are Insider, a B2B SaaS company that drives growth for its clients around the world. How are we achieving this? We are connecting data across channels, predicting future behavior with AI, and individualizing experiences from a single platform with the fastest time to value.

We announced that we unlocked our unicorn status after our Series D round. We are backed by top-notch investors including Sequoia Capital, QIA, Riverwood, Endeavor Catalyst and trusted by 1000+ brands from high-growth startups to the most prestigious Fortune 500 companies such as Singapore Airlines, Virgin, Nestle, Nissan, Samsung, Lenovo, Puma, MediaMarkt, IKEA, Allianz, Santander, Dominos, Avon, CNN, and the list goes on.

We are the #1 Leader everywhere! We are recognized as a leader in The Forrester Wave™ for Cross-Channel Campaign Management in Q3, 2021. We are also named a leader in 2021 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Personalization Engines. But wait, there is more. For 21 quarters in a row, we’ve been ranked as a leader in G2 Mobile Marketing, Personalization, Customer Data Platform, and Customer Journey Analytics Grids.

We are also proud to become one of the very few female-led B2B SaaS unicorns in the world.

Behind all these achievements, there is an exceptionally talented and passionate team across 28 countries that moves fast and agile, creates cutting-edge products, and focuses on making an impact. If you want to join us in this journey, just keep reading.

Insider's strong and talented women developer heroes are on a big mission!

Did you know that in 1995, 37% of computer scientists were women? Today, it’s only 24%. The percentage will continue to decline if we do nothing.

At Insider, we’re always making sure that women play an active role in the tech world, own the conversation, bring fresh perspectives to existing problems, rise from the ranks, and push each other’s limits to build and reinvent technologies. As Insiders, we’ll keep working hard each day to transform the way people grow, make sure that they are growing personally in their careers, and make a positive impact on the next generation toward a more balanced future in the tech world.

As Insider we believe the future is our responsibility and the future lies hand in hand with the empowerment of women and taking action is a necessity. On behalf of Insider’s women developers, I would like to announce our new concept which is called “She Codes 2.0” – A Training and Mentorship Program to empower young women in tech in the scope of International Women’s Day.

Our female developers will meet online with female students eager to learn basic coding during the 8 weeks of the extensive program (program details will be shared with the chosen people after the application ends) and talk about experiences, tips, questions, answers and so much more!

We will rise together! Click on the link below for more! The application deadline is the 31st of March.

We believe those female coders will break into the technology industry. Special thanks to our woman developers who participated in this very meaningful project.

Our Software Developers

Sinem Elif Haseki: Senior Software Engineer 
Gamze Polat: Front-End Developer

How this will work?

This program is open to female university students
We ask you to send your CV and a motivation letter including why you want to join this program, why you are interested in learning coding, and how you will benefit from it. Our evaluations will be based on your motivation letters
Our planned schedule includes 8 weeks (2 months of training), however, it's always up to you and our volunteer developers to build a long-term bond
We are planning to have these 1.5 hours sessions once on a weekday after 8 pm. It can be rescheduled if you agree with your instructors and classmates
You can only miss 1 session with an acceptable reason to get the most out of this program, ensure its efficiency, and be able to receive the certificate

We provide equal opportunity in a zero-discrimination workplace and not just welcome but also embrace everyone without regard to sex, race, color, nationality, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, citizenship, or marital status.

Please follow Insider on LinkedIn, Instagram, Youtube, and Medium!