About the job
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our Hungerstation team and reinvent on-demand delivery with us. If you're a creative problem solver eager to deliver solutions and hungry for a new adventure, an international workplace is waiting for you.

Hungerstation is the leading, on-demand food delivery company in the region, bringing thousands of your favorite restaurants, groceries, pharmacies, flower shops, and Electronic stores online into your home or office… fast! We’re all about bringing on the smartest minds as we continue to grow in a fast-moving and agile environment, and hire those who can thrive in a start-up culture.

Take part in architectural decision making on a platform that is used by millions of people.
Actively participate in migrating our monolithic application into Microservices.
Playing an active role in designing, improving and most importantly securing the overall backend architecture to support massive growth in
users and products without compromise.
Deal with docker containers, Kubernetes manifests, all this on Google Cloud Platform.
Coaching and mentoring other team members as a senior member of the team and member of our Backend Chapter
We embrace Design Driven Development, SOLID Principles, Event-driven Architecture, Algorithms and automated tests (unit, integration and functional).
Understanding development lifecycle and collaborating with cross-functional and agile teams.
Participate in the continuous and common effort of test coverage, refactoring and documentation.
Showing off your code review, debugging and investigation skills on a regular basis
More than 5 years experience in one of the programming languages like GoLang, RoR, Java, Python or .Net
Strong experience with common monitoring / alerting / logging tools such as Prometheus, New Relic, Datadog, ELK stack, distributed tracing.
You’ve built complex, high-quality applications, and have a strong knowledge of Domain Driven Design and microservice architecture.
You’re proficient in selecting from best practice Design Patterns and Design Principles when building your Software Architectures and
Algorithms
Good knowledge of databases (PostgreSQL and NOSQL). (You should be aware of normal forms, ACID, isolation levels, index anatomy).
Flexible and open-minded personality and comfortable working in a multicultural environment and in English.
Familiar with the following; Docker & Kubernetes, GCP, AWS, terraform and caching.
Experienced using TDD approach during development
Why Delivery Hero Turkey Tech Hub?
Work from anywhere in Turkey; office or home is your choice.
We work with a Euro-pegging gross salary. 
5 days of welcome permissions for the first year, 1 day of the birthday, 1 period leave.
We have additional 3 days of casual leave and 3 days of sick leave without notice.
Comprehensive private health insurance + It contains one dental treatment annually. 
Flexible working hours for you to plan your day as you wish – you can start the day between 08:00 - 10:00 am. 
Various online education platforms for you to sustain your professional development. 
Access free sessions and special events from personal trainers, psychologists, and dietitians via the Ball Mobile App
Colleagues with warm smiles and good communication skills. 
An orientation program for you to capture the Delivery Hero spirit to the full extent and always feel like home.
As a part of its Global Tech Hub strategy, Delivery Hero centralized its product and technology teams and officially launched in Turkey in 2022 one of its technology hubs, the first one of which had been created in Berlin. Created in Turkey with a view to serving the platforms operating within Delivery Hero, the Delivery Hero Tech Hub is among the largest technology hubs operating within Delivery Hero.
Having focused on the development of new technologies and product innovation, Tech Hub has started to become a critical global technology hub for Delivery Hero in many respects. Thanks to the contributions of its Turkey office, Delivery Hero aims to build a digital ecosystem shaped by solid technology skills, and bring its food and grocery delivery services closer to consumers all around the world.
 JR0035562