About the job
We are the catalyst for the industrial world’s digital transformation.

For more than 35 years, ground breaking technologies and business models engineered and developed by Siemens Turkey R&D department contributes to the global success of Siemens

Our R&D activities focused on the fields of electrification, automation and digitalization, provides end-to-end support to our global customers on their unique digital transformation journey.

We aim to increase our strength on solution and product development with world class SW development experts, with the vision to be the digitalization partner for our global customers.

We need game changers like you, to bring the next level of smart manufacturing and infrastructure from mere concept to reality, develop tomorrow’s smart cities, and address the most critical digitalization challenges across a comprehensive range of industries.

What part will you play?

Software design and development activities for industrial automation projects,
Software design, implementation, unit tests, module tests, debugging and release tasks in a multi-site, international software development environment,
Developing with C# and Siemens specific MDD programming language whenever necessary,
Producing high quality project deliverables,
Conforming to Siemens processes, quality standards, and guidelines,

What you need to make real what matters.

Bachelor’s degree in computer engineering, computer science, electrical and electronics engineering or equivalent experience,
Proven 2+ years of hands-on experience in software development,
Strong knowledge and hands-on experience of C# programming language,
Strong knowledge of object oriented programming, analysis and design,
Strong understanding of agile methodologies,
Excellent command of English,
Passion for developing a simple, clean and attractive code,
Willing and able to take on complex projects independently,
Committed to following development best practices,
Strong problem solving and analytical skills,
Excellent interpersonal communication skills,
Knowledge of network technologies is a plus,
Knowledge of time sensitive networking, as well as industrial communication technologies such as PROFINET and OPC UA is a plus,
Familiarity with Siemens TIA Portal and Siemens PLC products is a plus,

What We Offer

Speak up Culture
Respectful Workplace
Being part of a global work environment
Remote working and remote living flexibility
Attractive remuneration package
Excellent recognition tools providing spot awards
Learning & Development opportunities for both personal and professional growth
Leave days for parents and a variety of flexible working models that allow time off for yourself and your family
Creche allowance for mothers
Share matching programs to become a shareholder of Siemens AG
Find more benefits here

Individual benefits are adapted to meet local legal regulations, the requirements of different job profiles, locations, and individual preferences.

“At Siemens we are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. We need the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow‘s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds”

As Siemens we believe physical barriers are not related to potential. Only the potential matters to us. Therefore, we look forward to receive applications of candidates with physical barriers and chronic illnesses. We support healthy relationships between candidates with barriers and their colleagues because we believe we can create differences together.

Siemens is dedicated to quality, equality, and valuating diversity and we welcome applications that reflect the diversity of the communities within which we work.

We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of you ability as we will use the data to review your suitability to the role.

Please find more information from our web site:

https://new.siemens.com/tr/tr.html

Contact

If you need more information please don't hesitate to contact us.

+90 216 459 20 00

https://new.siemens.com/tr/tr/genel/iletisim.html

insanorganizasyon.tr@siemens.com

www.instagram.com/siemensturkiye

https://m.youtube.com/user/Siemens

http://www.twitter.com/siemensturkiye

http://www.facebook.com/siemensturkiye

Organization: Advanta

Company: Siemens Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim Sirketi

Experience Level: Experienced Professional

Full / Part time: Full-time