About the job
ABOUT Jotform

Jotform is a San Francisco-based SaaS company with more than 18 million users worldwide. We are thriving and growing, and we’ve never needed outside funding. That’s because we like keeping things agile, independent and fun. Jotform believes everyone should be able to create their own online forms. Our 10,000+ ready-made form templates, 100+ integrations and more than 380 widgets have made us one of the most popular online form builders for organizations of all sizes — from small businesses to enterprises.

Since our inception in 2006, our mission has been to help users create, manage and share online forms and receive responses in the easiest way possible.

ABOUT THE ROLE

Jotform is seeking UI Developers in our Ýstanbul office, located at a relaxed fun environment in Vadistanbul. As a rapidly growing company we are hiring for similar positions continuously and once an opportunity matches with your qualifications, we will contact you immediately.

Here’s what you will be doing:

Developing HTML, CSS and basic interactions of UI designs
Developing HTML email templates
Developing cross-browser, cross-platform compatible solutions
Developing scalable, reliable, maintainable and reusable code
Delivering solutions in a continuous integration flow to production having 18 million users
Testing your code and solutions with A/B tests and/or via feedbacks from the user testing services
Working with designers and front end developers to implement prototypes
Coming up with ideas to improve user experience and openly sharing them with the team
Attending hackathons with utmost passion to try new things

Education & Work Experience & Technical Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in CS/CENG or in a related technical field or equivalent practical experience
Proficiency in HTML, CSS3
2+ year experience building web applications
Experience with CSS preprocessors (LESS, SASS)
Experience in responsive UI development
Developing cross-browser and cross-platform compatible solutions
Good understanding of browser-rendering and browser animation costs
Excellent command of English
A passion to learn and keep up with the cutting edge technologies
Demonstrated ability to work independently with minimal supervision
Experience with popular JavaScript frameworks (i.e. React, Node.js and Backbone.js) is a plus
Experience in SaaS is a plus
Experience with HTML email template development is a plus

Jotform PERKS

High growth-paced environment with collaborative and unique team culture
Generous market competitive total compensation package
Health Insurance
Professional Growth & Career Opportunities: We support your personal and professional development with educational materials and expenses & relevant conferences abroad to stay up to date with the latest industry trends & online courses or coaching - and support you pursuing ones that you are passionate about!
Challenging projects, regular feedback, healthy competition
Fun & Relax working environment: When we’re in the office; music, jeans and t-shirts are the norm & kitchens stocked with healthy & tasty snacks & drinks

OUR PROCESS

We’ll review your application along with all the others we receive and pick the top profiles for a screening call. In many cases due to time constraints and our candidate volume, only the short-listed candidates are contacted but we do consider each application carefully. If you have been selected as a short-listed candidate, we will contact you for a short screening call to get to know you better. If you don’t get a call, please don’t be disappointed! We receive many applications for each role and have to prioritize who we speak to.

Thank you for taking the time to apply for a position at Jotform!

 Jotform is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

https://www.jotform.com/job-applicant-privacy/