About the job
Huawei Turkey Research and Development Center (R&D) Wireless department is working on LTE and 5G related software development and innovation projects.

Are you looking for a work environment to share your technical skills with other team members? D Do you want to work in a project with Agile practices and Agile project life cycle? This job is a good opportunity to show your skills.

Brief Job Description:
Participate requirement analysis, high and low level design of requirements, and testing.
Coordination with other testers for cross-functional requirements tests.
Resolve issues proactively to deliver high quality products based on customers’ needs.
Take ownership and responsibility for solutions provided.
Work with team members collaboratively, complete Test Case Design and reviews and report issues on demand.
Join to Execution activities (Performance, Security, UAT, SVT and SDV)

Essential Skills Required:
1-5 years of testing experience in big software projects (telecom industry highly preferable)
Candidate should have knowledge and working experience in test techniques and methodologies
Application Cyber Security and Penetration Testing knowledge is required. (APIs, Protocol test, Fuzzing Test, Vulnerability Scanners Tool)
Performance Test frameworks design, development and tool knowledge is required. (with JMeter, LoadRunner etc.)
Automation Test frameworks design, develop, execute, and working experience of maintain automated test suites is required (with Selenium, maven, Log4j, Appium etc.)
Demonstrable knowledge of OOP concepts and test automation experience with Java programming language, TestNG, Visual testing with Sikuli and Git
Good to have experience in BDD (Cucumber), CI/CD tools like Jenkins
Has an understanding of networks and network topology, IP, swithces, routing, OSI and TCP/IP models, IP addressing and subnetting 
Strong issue analysis and problem solving skill is required
Background of Data Trace, Log Analysis & Defect Management (Linux, Wireshark)
Data manipulation, simulation experience is nice to have (Fiddler, MockServer usage)
Knowledge for 3G& LTE & 5G systems is preferable
Good command of English is essential

Benefits:
Discount at MSc/PhD programs from several top universities;
Employee Gift Packs for special events;
Online training platforms (Udemy, O’Reilly, Raywenderlich, Packt);
External certification support;
A culture of continuous development: conferences, in-house events & Tech Talks to stay up-to-date on current research and technology.