About the job
This is an opportunity for being part of a fast growing startup technology company. We are looking for a XR Developer to join our team in Istanbul. The role is responsible for VR/AR game development by using Blueprint, Visual scripting and C++ development in the Unreal Engine.

This is a full-time and on-site job.

Job Description

Prototype and program gameplay features (player/world interaction, gameplay, AI rules, etc.) based on the R&D.
Take a role in the technical design of the gameplay elements.
Coordinate with other departments, including art, design, and production, to achieve project objectives.
Deliver well-designed software in a timely manner and create consistently high-quality code with solid documentation.
Create core gameplay systems and editor tools for game and level designers to work on.
Create immersive and compelling gameplay experiences.
Ensure well-designed and bug-free game scripts and optimized CPU, GPU, and memory performance.
Cooperate closely with the game and level designers as well as other production teams and actively participate in the QA process.
Prepare detailed development documentation and retrospective reports of sprints.

Required Skills and Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Math, Software Engineering, or equivalent training/experience.
2+ years of experience in professional software development.
Experience with modern game engines (such as Unreal Engine or Unity) and game production pipelines.
Debugging and optimization skills.
Strong mathematical, analytical, and problem-solving skills.
Adopt existing development processes and look for improvements.
Being organized, proactive and self-disciplined, ability to work without direct supervision.
Strong time management and prioritization skills.
Ability to work as a team player, maintaining a positive attitude.
Excellent verbal communication and writing skills.
Fluent in English, both written and spoken.
Living in Istanbul (or willing to move). Being able to commute to Altunizade.

Nice-to-have Qualifications

Having worked on at least one shipped product in video game or simulation industries from beginning to end.
Knowledge of C++ programming for game development and familiarity with the Visual Studio environment.
Expertise with version control systems (such as Git) and issue and project tracking tools (Jira) for workflow management
Experience in developing for mobile (Android/iOS) and VR platforms (Oculus, SteamVR, standalone VR)