About the job
Deloitte provides industry-leading audit and assurance, tax and legal, consulting, financial advisory, and risk advisory services to nearly 90% of the Fortune Global 500® and thousands of private companies. Our more than 345,000 professionals deliver measurable and lasting results that help reinforce public trust in capital markets, enable clients to transform and thrive, and lead the way toward a stronger economy, a more equitable society and a sustainable world.

Building on its 175-plus year history, Deloitte spans more than 150 countries and territories. Our organization has grown tremendously in both scale and capabilities, yet our shared culture and mission—to make an impact that matters—remains unchanged. This is evident not only in Deloitte’s work for clients, but also in our WorldClass ambition, our WorldClimate initiative and our ALL IN diversity and inclusion.

Deloitte has 5 values to make an impact. These are; Lead the way, serve with integrity, take care of each other, foster inclusion, collaborate for measurable impact.

Responsibilities

You are going to deal with projects in the following segments: B2C, B2B e-commerce Multi-vendor Marketplace
Collaborate with stakeholders in other Deloitte teams and vendor professional services to maintain key operations
Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers.
Development of different Internet and Intranet web applications
Follow specification or written description

Requirements
  3 – 6 years of experiences,
PHP 7, (preferably 8) OOP, Design patterns, DDD / TDD / BDD, Coding Standards
Symfony 5 (preferably 6) (other MVC-based frameworks is a plus) is a must
MySQL (PostgreSQL or MSSQL is a plus)
Understanding the fully synchronous behavior of PHP.
Understanding fundamental design principles behind a scalable application.
Integration of multiple data sources and databases into one system.
Evolved Understanding of accessibility and security compliance.
Competency in agile development practices (Scrum, XP, Kanban, etc.)
Experience in creating and consuming REST APIs
Knowledge of version control systems – git, npm and composer
Having strong experience headless user interface is a plus
Experience with Cloud Services (AWS, Azure) is a plus
Great interpersonal and communication skills
Team Management