About the job
Ýþ tanýmý:
Have you ever wondered how it would be like to work for Mercedes-Benz, owner and manufacturer of brands like Mercedes-Benz, AMG, Maybach, Smart and many others? Do you want to be a part of an ambitious new team to test and grow your skills? Are you passionate about developing new software solutions that will be rolled out and used globally? Do you find the challenge of building something completely new and from scratch exciting and rewarding?
 
Then continue reading…
 
We're looking for exceptionally talented individuals and offer you the chance to become a member of the newly formed and highly ambitious Mercedes-Benz Mobility Global Tech-Hub that is based in Istanbul but delivering solutions to all of our group entities globally. We are seeking teammates at different experience levels such as Junior Developers, Senior Developers, Lead Developers and Architects.
 
We create outstanding solutions with technical excellence and offer a great place to work - come join us!
 
More about:
Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG: https://www.mercedes-benz-mobility.com/en/
Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG: https://www.mercedes-benz-mobility.com/en/
 
Job Description:
Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve Mercedes-Benz developer portals/ applications/ secure REST APIs and API proxies in API Management platforms (mainly in Apigee/ KONG)
Design, develop, test, implement and maintain frontend/ backend services
Develop and update system documentation for reference and reporting: and to ensure high levels of support for Production
Being responsible for all SDLC activities related with developed Applications/APIs starting from development to the release and operation
Design, develop, and implement authentication and authorization across the APIs/Applications.
Analyzes and specifies technical requirements for existing systems
Work within an agile development team and commit to sprints with deliverables
 
Qualifications:
BS or MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or related fields with software development skills
Experience in both backend and frontend development (e.g. GOlang or NodeJS or Spring Boot Framework and AngularJS or React or Vue.js)
Good understanding of OOP and software design patterns
Experience in implementation of security protocols and patterns (OAUTH 2, Open Id Connect)
Working knowledge of one or more of the following is also highly desirable: MongoDB, CassandraDB, PostgreSQL/MSSQL/Oracle, Kafka, RabbitMQ, Kibana, Grafana, Nexus, Artifactory
Knowledge in HTTP / Status Codes, API design patterns
Experience in API documentation like Swagger / OpenAPI
Experience with distributed version control system such as Git and repository management tools like Github and Gitlab
Experience in Container/Cloud technologies (Docker, Kubernetes)
Experience in using Continuous-Integration, -Delivery, -Deployment especially Jenkins
Experience in using agile development frameworks (SCRUM, Kanban)
Experience in Microservices architecture
Experience in any of Unit testing frameworks ( e.g. jest, mocha, mockito)
Experience in API management platform is a plus (e.g. Apigee, KONG)
Knowledge in elastic stack tools is plus
Ability to work in international teams
Excellent command of English (written and verbal) is a must,
No restriction for international travel