About the job
Crossover is the world's #1 source of full-time remote jobs. Our clients offer top-tier pay for top-tier talent. We're recruiting this role for our client, Forward Kitchens. Have you got what it takes?

On-demand food delivery is the future of restaurants. However, most restaurants are either ill-equipped or unaware of how to unlock their full delivery revenue potential through digitization. A restaurant’s digital presence could be the difference between a viral hit like Salt Bae’s booming global steak empire (which is just ok, if you ask us) and your favorite mom-and-pop hole-in-the-wall that went out of business during the pandemic.

That’s where Forward Kitchens comes in. We empower restaurants to create multiple digital storefronts each, generate more online sales, and increase their bottom line – all without having to hire a creative marketing team or deal with the millions (we’re exaggerating) of delivery platforms out there. We believe in our partner restaurants’ power to represent their communities and provide delicious, eclectic meals to their ever-ravenous customers at scale.

In this role, you will play a major part in building our modern restaurant operating system, including delivery tablet aggregation, automated websites, online ordering, and much more. This is a fast-paced, high-impact work environment, so be prepared to move quickly and ship often. If you’re a Python developer with experience working in a fast-paced engineering culture and a keen eye for detail, then this role is for you!


Building the company's newest features; sample projects include Android applications that power kitchen operations and order deliveries, beautiful web applications with rich data visualizations, highly scalable cloud/serverless backend systems, and robust, scalable data pipelines


Working on minor bug fixes or features on outdated codebases
Dealing with tedious infrastructure to enable poorly written products to continue running
Managing people or getting stuck on long meetings discussing roadmaps and priorities


Python Developer key responsibilities

At least 3 years of experience coding with Python
Professional experience using EC2 and AWS Lambda
Familiarity with rate limiting, race conditions, and multithreading


Off-premise operating system for restaurants.

There is so much to cover for this exciting role, and space here is limited. Hit the Apply button if you found this interesting and want to learn more. We look forward to meeting you!

Working with Crossover

This is a full-time (40 hours per week), long-term position. The position is immediately available and requires entering into an independent contractor agreement with Crossover. The compensation level for this role is $30 USD/hour, which equates to $60,000 USD/year assuming 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year. The payment period is weekly. Consult www.crossover.com/help-and-faqs for more details on this topic.

What to expect next:

You will receive an email with a link to start your self-paced, online job application.
Our hiring platform will guide you through a series of online “screening” assessments to check for basic job fit, job-related skills, and finally a few real-world job-specific assignments.

Important! If you do not receive an email from us:

First, emails may take up to 15 minutes to send, refresh and check again.
Second, check your spam and junk folders for an email from Crossover.com, mark as “Not Spam” since you will receive other emails as well.
Third, we will send to whatever email account you indicated on the Apply form - by default, that is the email address you use as your LinkedIn username and it might be different than the one you have already checked.
If all else fails, just reset your password by visiting https://www.crossover.com/auth/password-recovery if you already applied using LinkedIn EasyApply.
 Crossover Job Code: LJ-4869-TR-Istanbul-PythonDevelope.015