About the job
ARE YOU READY TO MAKE YOUR STORY REAL AT DIGITURK?

We are, Digiturk, the first digital broadcasting platform in Turkey, have brought a new perspective to television broadcasting in Turkey with the firsts we have pioneered since our establishment in 1999. Keeping up with today's changing viewing experience Digiturk has started to provide internet services to members as of 2021. With our more than 3 million members and 1500 employees, we have managed to set the standards in the sector and have continued to strengthen our technological infrastructure and human resources with our innovative vision.
beIN MEDIA GROUP acquired Digiturk the leading PAY TV operator in Turkey in August 2016; and now has over 55 million subscribers worldwide. beIN MEDIA GROUP’S flagship sports network, beIN SPORTS, holds the single largest portfolio of sports rights of any global broadcaster; and through its iconic MIRAMAX film studio, beIN holds an extensive library of Hollywood blockbusters while having a growing presence in series and movies production and distribution, as well as in the digital space. The group distributes and produces an unrivalled array of entertainment, live sport and major international events across 5 continents, 43 countries and in 7 different languages spanning Europe, North America, Asia, Australia and the Middle East & North Africa (MENA).
If you are ready to make your story real in a colorful and vibrant world by constantly renewing & improving yourself, join us and let's build the future of broadcasting together.
We are looking for talented teammates who are ready to make their story real!

 IDEAL PROFILE:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related fields.
Min. 4 years of experience as a front-end developer.
Ability to create web applications of pixel-perfect quality.
Good grasp of Web and Coding standards, tools, and technologies.
Search Engine Optimization knowledge is a must.
Good understanding of software architecture and design patterns
Proven experience in React, Next.js
Advanced level of verbal and written English


MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES WILL INCLUDE:
Join the Front-End Web Development team to create, maintain and improve the websites of Digiturk, and also other brands of beIN Group.
Lead the development effort to renovate/replace legacy web applications using state-of-the-art methods and technologies.
Work closely with the Product owners, UI/UX, and QA teams, some of which are international.
Implement new technologies, processes, and tools to improve the overall quality of the products and user experience.
Guide, inspire, and mentor colleagues to try new ways of creating value.
 WHAT WE OFFER:
Digiturk ‘’cares about your life” – Life Insurance
Digiturk also cares about your family - Private health insurance family members included
Digiturk stands by you in your retirement - Digiturk retirement contribution
Do whatever you want on your birthday leave (Paid birthday leave)
A Happy birthday gift from Digiturk (Birthday gift card)
Digiturk supports our mothers (Nursery benefit)
Digiturkers celebrate holidays together (gift card)
Global talent programs that offer development opportunities in a multicultural environment