About the job
Odeon Technology is a Coral Travel Group Company. Coral Travel Group has been carrying out its operations in the tourism sector since 1992 in 18 countries with its 28 companies and 3500 professionals and now serves more than 3 million tourists every year.

Odeon Technology was established in 2012 to create effective and technological solutions for the group affiliates in tourism industry.

With the strategies that it has developed and will develop in the future, the company carries out the necessary infrastructure works especially in the world tourism industry so that its customers can respond to both the market and their own needs.

For more information; you can visit https://www.odeontechnology.com

As Odeon Technology, we are looking for a “ServiceNow Developer” for our team!

We are working remotely under the extraordinary pandemic circumstances. Newcomers work wherever they are and eventually they may plan to move Ýstanbul in a flexible time-period.

Working as part of a team to improve the ServiceNow platform and create innovative solutions to business problems using ServiceNow,
Implementing Incident, Problem, Change, Service Catalog, Request process,
Developing and implementing new applications and integrations for ServiceNow,
Using your technical skills and knowledge to bring new ideas and improvements to peers and business leaders,
Analyzing and create scoped applications to help, solve business needs and requirements.

Bachelor's degree in information technology, engineering, or a related field.
Minimum 2 years of working experience on the ServiceNow platform,
Well versed with different ServiceNow products,
Hands-on experience with Incident Management, ITSM, Service Catalog & Asset Management products,
Strong knowledge of ITIL, Cobit and ITSM,
Hands-on experience on Script Includes, Business Rules & Client scripts,
Experience working in Agile mode and working with remotely located teams,
Great interpersonal skills, result driven & go-getter attitude is highly desirable,
Excellent communication skills - verbal & written - are truly essential,

Advanced English and Russian is an asset.

Remote working conditions,
Private health insurance,
Competitive salary and food ticket benefits,
A great working environment where there is no hierarchy with servant leadership methods,
Weekly Tech Talks,
Udemy access for all employees,
Discounts for your hotel reservations.

Odeon Yazýlým ve Teknoloji A.Þ. olarak 6698 sayýlý Kiþisel Verilerin Korunmasý Kanunu ile ilgili Aydýnlatma Metni ve Gizlilik Politikasý'nýn detaylarýna web sitemiz üzerinden ulaþým saðlayabilirsiniz.