About the job Getir is the pioneer of ultra-fast delivery. By bringing together great technology with a unique operational model, we were the first to introduce the concept of groceries being delivered to your door in minutes. Technology continues to be at the heart of our business as we expand across the globe.  Great technology is developed by great people, and thats why were looking for talented technologists to join our team.  What Youll Be Doing  As a Full Stack Developer (80% backend 20% frontend) who will be developing modules in our internal administration panels in one of the product-based development squads , you will also be working with internal business teams from related Getir departments in order to provide integrations and solutions to their technological needs. This will involve understanding the requirements (with the help of Product Managers), researching potential tools and solutions, deciding on a course of action, and finally implementing the solutions.  Own a core part of Getirs distributed microservices system Develop highly efficient core microservices and follow industry standards, best practices and guidelines Monitor, analyze and resolve technical and application issues Bring new technology and ideas to the table with a focus on the team's roadmap Influence cross team initiatives and mentor less experienced engineers  You Will Have:  Solid experience with Node.js as a main backend technology Experience with MongoDB & PostgreSQL Experience with React/Redux & Redux Saga Solid understanding of microservices and experience in event-driven cloud architectures Practical experience of TDD, BDD, DDD, and distributed architectural patterns Experience in end-to-end development processes, including unit, integration & functional testing, distributed architecture, application tuning/profiling, and continuous integration Extensive experience with REST APIs, relevant standards and guidelines (Richardson Maturity Model, Open API, JSON Schema) General knowledge of modern web frameworks and libraries Experience in asynchronous programming Working with Git version control system, including branching and merging strategies Knowledge of code quality tools like ESlint  Additional Preferred Qualifications:  Experience with Java / Spring Boot Experience with TypeScript Experience with Microservice Architectures Experience with Message Brokers Experience with AWS products (S3, AmazonMQ, etc.)  You as a Getirian  You are a good person first, everything else is secondary. You are a champion of growth, and actively strive to be the best version of yourself, for you and your team. You value diversity, and embrace ideas over hierarchy. You aren't afraid to learn and re-learn at Getir speed. You are an initiator, in charge of your own story and your legacy.  Diversity makes us stronger. Our diverse cultures, backgrounds, beliefs, values, abilities, and lifestyles help us learn from each other. Were proud to strive for a genuinely diverse and inclusive workplace. We know we can do better though. Thats why we hire and promote people with equity and equality in mind.  We will process your personal data as part of our recruitment procedures. To find out more, please consult our Candidate Privacy Notices.
