About the job
About Atos

Atos is a global leader in digital transformation with 107,000 employees and annual revenue of over € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity, cloud and high performance computing, the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products, Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea), listed on Euronext Paris and included in the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 Paris Stock indexes.

The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge, education, and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world, the Group enables its customers and employees, and members of societies at large to live, work and develop sustainably, in a safe and secure information space.

We are looking for self-motivated and energetic team member who will join us as a full-time Software Engineer and work on-site as a part of our Ýzmir team for our energy sector projects.

Technical Requirements
Has B.SC. degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics Eng. or in a related area
Proven 2+ years of work experience in software development
Microsoft Development Technologies
.NET Framework, .NET Core
Angular 2+
Proven experience in Object-Oriented Programming paradigm and SQL & PL/SQL
Experience and knowledge in
Web Application Development, Web Services, Relational & Non-relational Databases
ORACLE Stored Procedure/Package/Function
Configuration Management Systems (e.g. SVN, Git, ClearCase etc.)
Agile Development practices
General knowledge of Continuous Integration

Desirable areas of experience

Oracle ADF experience
Oracle OAF experience
.NET Core

Nice to have areas of experience

Continuous Integration tools (e.g. Jenkins, Maven, etc.)
Test Automation like Selenium etc.

General Skills And Attributes

Experience in energy sector
Strong problem solving and analytical skills
Strong collaboration skills, responsive to project needs and demands in fast changing environment
Passion of learning and personal qualification improvement
Ability to work in a team environment as a reliable, responsible and self-motivated team player
Excellent communication, and documentation skills, sense of urgency, accountability, and ownership
Military service should be completed for candidates (min 2 year extended military obligation)

Responsibilities

Developing and maintaining software application(s) in accordance to Atos processes, quality standards and guidelines
Analysing requirements and designing solutions accordingly
Coding according to coding standards, unit-testing, reviewing and refactoring code
Supporting relevant teams on production deployment & post-production issues
Responding to customer needs regarding analysed, designed or developed software in a timely fashion, troubleshooting issues and providing solutions when needed
Writing detailed technical documentation, presenting complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a wide variety of audiences

Here at Atos, we want all of our employees to feel valued, appreciated, and free to be who they are at work. Our employee lifecycle processes are designed to prevent discrimination against our people regardless of gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, or any other aspect which makes them unique. Across the globe, we have created a variety of programs to embed our Atos culture of inclusivity, and work hard to ensure that all of our employees have an equal opportunity to contribute and feel that they are exactly where they belong.