About the job
Are you ready to join the Softtech family of more than 1700 people and make the future real with us?

We are looking for a Low-Code BPM Platform Developer to join our Pega COE team who will be able to work with an enthusiasm for implementing pioneering steps on the subject of Pega solutions.
We believe that highly competitive solutions can only be developed by motivated and enthusiastic teams. That’s why our team members have been selected among the top engineers and specialists in the market. We are experts in developing solutions for financial organizations. If you want to be part of this dynamic team, come & join us and share our goal that is to take the technology to the next level with creative, fast, efficient, and secure solutions.


What skills do you have?

Must Have Skills:
Graduated from related departments of universities,
Preferably 2+ years in Java Software development
Object oriented concepts (OOC) and design patterns,
Java and J2EE programming,
Data structures, algorithm writing and software development,
Integration with different protocols on service oriented architecture (SOA),
Relational database management systems (RDBMS) such as Oracle, MSSQL and DB2, and have sufficient knowledge of writing SQL commands,
Preferably knowledgeable about HTML5 and related technologies / libraries,
Master the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process,
Agile (Scrum, Kanban) worked with methodologies
A good team player,
Good command of English.

Nice to Have:
Skills for writing JSP code
Familiarity with Pega UI rules (such as portal, harness, section, control)
Familiarity with integration rules, connectors and listeners
Basic understanding of the rule resolution (incl. direct and pattern inheritance) within Pega
Basic understanding of Pega rule versioning and deployment mechanism
Familiarity with Pega supporting tools such as PDC,AES
Understanding of JVM, its limitations, weaknesses, and workarounds
Pega SA, SSA certified

What you will do ?

Integrate low-code platform with other business systems as required. Design and development of operational business processes using the PEGA PRPC. Since you will work in Pega Center of Excellence Team, you will be placed in the center of the organization and will work with the most experienced architects in the company. You will lead and support other development teams in the company.
Create low-level design documents for enterprise class structure, data model and data classes based on the signed off system requirement.
Develop and design application using PEGA PRPC components like Process Flows, UI (harness, sections), Connectors, Decision Tables and Decision Trees.
Utilize advanced PEGA features like Background Processes, REST connectors, SOAP connectors.
Conducts code reviews and ensure coding standards and practices.
Defect fixes and debugging using clipboard tool for the application PEGA code in different testing phases, deployment planning.
Lead application teams with various design and architectural patterns

What we offer?

Flexible working hours
Our office is in Tuzla / Ýstanbul (for this position)
Private health insurance
Generous vacation policy
Continuously learning and development opportunities
Attending to technical congress and conferences
Build up your project with innovation funnel

About us

Since 2006, we have been the biggest software company of Turkey, founded and owned by domestic capital with more than 1700 employees, having operations at a total of 11 different locations in Turkey, TRNC, USA, China and Germany.
With the strength of our experience in banking and finance industry and experienced human resources, we are developing customer-oriented solutions for our business partners operating in diverse areas.
Our mission is to transform all our customers including mainly Ýþ Bankasý into digital companies by using our efficient and high-energy ecosystem.

"Kiþisel Verilerin Korunmasý Kanunu kapsamýnda kiþisel verilerinizin iþlenmesi kapsamýnda oluþturulmuþ aydýnlatma metnine aþaðýdaki link aracýlýðý ile ulaþabilirsiniz."
https://softtech.com.tr/kvkk-aydinlatma-metni/