About the job
Getir is the pioneer of ultra-fast delivery. By bringing together great technology with a unique operational model, we were the first to introduce the concept of groceries being delivered to your door in minutes. Technology continues to be at the heart of our business as we expand across the globe.

Great technology is developed by great people, and that’s why we’re looking for talented technologists to join our team.

What You'll Be Doing

Develop backend applications and improve the quality of our system architecture
Refine, and tune integrations between applications
Analyze and resolve technical and application problems
Deploy new releases that work
Bring new technology and ideas to the table
Influence cross team initiatives and mentor junior engineers

What You'll Bring

Strong general Linux experience
3+ years delivering production code for backend services in an Agile Team
Extensive experience with REST APIs
Experience with MongoDB
Expert knowledge of Redis and caching strategies
Working with Git version control system, including branching and merging strategies
Strong knowledge of unit/integration testing, including the art of mocking and writing testable code
B.Sc. in Computer Science or a similar discipline

You as a Getirian

You are a good person first, everything else is secondary. You are a champion of growth, and actively strive to be the best version of you, for yourself and your team. You value diversity, and embrace ideas over hierarchy. You aren't afraid to learn and re-learn at Getir speed. You are an initiator, in charge of your own story and your legacy.

Diversity makes us stronger. Our diverse cultures, backgrounds, beliefs, values, abilities, and lifestyles help us learn from each other. We’re proud to strive for a genuinely diverse and inclusive workplace. We know we can do better though. That’s why we hire and promote people with equity and equality in mind.

We will process your personal data as part of our recruitment procedures. To find out more, please consult our Candidate Privacy Notices.