About the job
No Relocation Assistance Offered

# 151861 - Gebze - Kocaeli, Turkey, Turkey

Do you want to come to work with a smile and leave with one as well? In between those smiles, your day consists of working in a global organization, continually learning and collaborating, having stimulating discussions, and making impactful contributions!

If this is how you see your career, Colgate is the place to be!

Our diligent household brands, dedicated employees, and sustainability commitments make us a company passionate about building a future to smile about for our employees, consumers, and surrounding communities. The pride in our brand fuels a workplace that encourages creative thinking, champions experimentation, and promotes authenticity which has contributed to our enduring success.

If you want to work for a company that lives by their values, then give your career a reason to smile...every single day.


Provides the project management needed to develop and implement new and/or improved regional & global projects and flawless execution of new products,
Executing all the critical steps in order to complete Technology Transfer process
Supports the follow up of the agreed time table of all new projects to be completed on time,
Supports alternative supplier and raw material validations and FTG projects
Updates the formulation databases, perform pilot laboratory and EMO trials of new projects,
Works closely with a variety of other groups such as, Packaging Development, Division and Subsidiary Marketing, Purchasing, Planning, Production and Quality to achieve desired goals.


A Bachelor's Degree in technical or engineering field, MBA is a plus.
Minimum 2 years of experience either in Quality, Supply Chain, R&D, and/or related technical experience
Fluency in English
Good knowledge of MS Office, Google tools.
Strong organizational, analytical thinking, problem solving, time management and follow-up skills with attention to details

Disclaimer - Interested candidates are requested to upload their resumes drafted in English language only.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Colgate is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, marital status, veteran status (United States positions), or any other characteristic protected by law.

Are you interested in working for Colgate-Palmolive? You can apply online and attach all relevant documents such as a cover letter and resume or CV. Applications received by e-mail are not considered in the selection process. Become part of our team. We look forward to your application.

Colgate-Palmolive is a leading global consumer products company, tightly focused on Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. Colgate sells its products in over 200 countries and territories around the world under such internationally recognized brand names as Colgate, Palmolive, elmex, Tom’s of Maine, Sorriso, Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick, Softsoap, Irish Spring, Protex, Sanex, Elta MD, PCA Skin, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill’s Science Diet and Hill’s Prescription Diet.

For more information about Colgate’s global business, visit the Company’s web site at http://www.colgatepalmolive.com. To learn more about Colgate Bright Smiles, Bright Futures® oral health education program, please visit http://www.colgatebsbf.com. To learn more about Hill's and the Hill’s Food, Shelter & Love program please visit http://www.hillspet.com. To learn more about Tom’s of Maine please visit http://www.tomsofmaine.com.

Reasonable accommodation during the application process is available for persons with disabilities. Please contact Application_Accommodation@colpal.com with the subject "Accommodation Request" should you require accommodation.