About the job
What We뭨e Looking For 

We are looking for talented, passionate and agile minded team players to join our DevOps Team.

 Graduated from Computer Engineering or related departments of universities.
 At least 3 years of experience in DevOps field.
 Strong knowledge on configuring Kubernetes(Prefered), Docker, Rancher, Openshift, Ansible technologies/tools.
 Proficient in source code versioning systems (Git, Bitbucket,TFVC).
 Experience with cloud services such as GCP, Azure.
 Experience in static code analysis, build automation, deployment automation, CI / CD products, (Jenkins, Azure DevOps, Github Actions)
 Knowledge of Web Server (IIS, Apache, Nginx, HAProxy), Server-Client architectures, Microservice architectures.
 Preferably have knowledge of RabbitMQ, ELK (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana) systems.
 Preferably knowledgeable about Linux and shell scripts.
 Preferably knowledge of project management tools (Jira), Familiar with Kanban and Scrum frameworks.
 Familiarity with application and system monitoring tools (Prometheus, Grafana etc.)
 Knowledge of English.


What You뭠l Do

 Management of Cloud Environments on Google Cloud and kubernetes environments.
 Ensuring the installation, management, security and performance of systems and kubernetes clusters,
 Creating system architecture, integrating innovations into the system,
 Updating the applications and software running on the systems,
 Carrying out CI / CD Infrastructure and security activities,
 Examining Devops global best practices and making process improvements,
 Elimination of security vulnerabilities of the systems it manages,
 Making the necessary planning and configurations for the uninterrupted service of the managed system,
 CI/CD support to legacy and microservices projects.
 You should have a good communication with Agile team members because it is an intense contributor for an Agile team.
 
  Why Intertech

  At Intertech, we are trying to make sure that you work free of worries with the benefits we offer;
 Continuous learning and development opportunities by working with experts and training facilities via Inter Academy,
 Opportunity to work in international projects,
 Opportunity of working with new & trend technologies, 
 Gym
 Flexible working hours (08:00-17:00, 09:00-18:00)
 Coiffeur,
 No dress code.

You will be a member of a dynamic team and a big family. We say join us!