About the job
Description
Your dream job does exist.

Discover it at Vodafone!

We are looking for a Software Engineer – Marketplace & MVA Journey BE
First things first: Our Brand.

We are a digital brand and a global technology company, operating in the fields of telecommunication, e-commerce, gaming, insurance, TV, tech-fin and payment systems, currently in 21 countries.

With our expertise and passion for digitalization at Vodafone, we are a global center of excellence that sets the pace in the industry.

We are proud to export our successful practices abroad, while transferring our global know-how to our country.

We have a global team of more than 90.000 colleagues taking part in a transformative and an exctiting journey.

Our Spirit, Our Way.

Here are the key behaviours that help us bring our Spirit and Purpose to life:

 Earn customer loyalty: Small things do matter 
 Experiment, learn fast: Just take the chance 
 Create the future: That’s possible 
 Get it done, together: It’s up to each of us to make it happen 

Here, everyone can feel free to be themselves and express their ideas.

We are proud to have the most flexible #hybrid way of working in Turkey.

Together with your team, you can decide which days to come to the office depending on your work requirements.

Another favorite: Meeting-free afternoons! Every Friday, arrival of the noon means we can start to take it easy: spend time working on our personal development or catching up with our team. We call this #CumaKafasý (Friday mood :)).

And yes we are Agile! The world is constantly changing. And we cannot afford not to! Our journey began by simplifying our organizational model and transforming into a more agile structure that now we use extensively, especially in our development processes.

Why is this role really critical to us? 
Purpose of this role is to take part in analysis, design, development and maintenance of software modules, products and solutions,

 in accordance with the business requirements, technical specifications, internal procedures and quality objectives,
 using state of the art technologies,
 working with agile methodologies,

in order to enhance digital channels of Vodafone Turkey with new capabilities.

How will you spend your time at Vodafone? 
 Analysing, designing and developing complex software modules 
 Working closely with related business departments to guide them while shaping their requirements 
 Following up evolving business proactively and being prepared for the new functionalities that can be demanded on the related modules 
 Preparing necessary design artefacts (design documents, flowcharts, database models, architecture diagrams)
 Following up coding standards, best practices and quality objectives during development 
 Providing suggestions for process improvements 
 Performing troubleshooting and support activities for the software modules, products and solutions delivered 
 Working with partners to envision, define, and execute integrations
 Making research and implementing new technologies to improve time to market, quality, flexibility and reusability
 Ensuring the delivery of software modules, products and solutions with committed functionality and performance criteria, within committed timelines 
 Mentoring and guiding less experienced team members to improve their skills and vision 
 Giving trainings/briefs about software modules and technologies whenever necessary to spread the knowhow 
 Fulfilling consultancy requests from customers (internal/external) 
 Complying with information security policies, standards and procedures of Vodafone Turkey 
 Making research on creating reusable software components and inform the results of studies to other groups 
 Planning and coordination for solutions among technology teams 
 Reviewing design and implemented code from others 
 Working without supervision

You are just the person we’ve been looking for, if you have?
 University Degree preferably on Computer Engineering 
 8+ years of experience 
 Know-how and experience on software architecture, design and development technologies such as;
 Java and/or similar modern programming languages,
 Spring and/or similar frameworks,
 Commonly used open source tools and technologies,
 Algorithms, object oriented programming, design patterns,
 APIs, Web Services, SOAP, REST and similar technologies,
 Microservices, containers and cloud native applications,
 Multithreading and concurrency,
 Operating system, database and networking concepts,
 Agile software development methodologies,
 CI/CD tools and methodologies,
 Secure programming 
 Knowhow and experience of Telecommunication concepts and services 
 Self motivated: Motivated to do or achieve more because of one's own enthusiasm or interest, without needing pressure from others 
 Initiative: Doing things proactively, stepping up and taking action to improve current situations or address challenges and potential opportunities 
 Solutions Driven: Display sound judgment, considering the pros and cons of different options and situations to make informed and robust decisions 
 Working Together: Working as part of a team and not separately or competitively – together 
 Influence and Impact: To communicate with Influence and Impact, clearly and passionately engaging customers, colleagues and stakeholders to have the desired impact 

Get to know us
If you want to know more about us and what we do, then visit our website: www.vodafone.com.tr

https://www.vodafone.com.tr/insan-kaynaklari

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/vodafonekariyer/

Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/user/VFTurkiye

This role has a #Hybrid working model

Wait for it: Our benefits!

We like to keep them flexible:

 Vflexy: Flexible Benefits Program
 Hybrid working kit
 Ergonomic kit allowance
 Digital meal voucher
 Flexible transportation allowance 
 Employee assistance hotline & counselling
 Comprehensive and flexible private health insurance
 Discounted price deals for wide range of products & services

Plus, plenty more to enjoy!

Data Privacy
By applying for this job, you accept the Vodafone Privacy Policy. Please visit Privacy Policy web page at https://careers.vodafone.com/privacy-policy/turkey/ for further details.