About the job
Getir is the pioneer of ultra-fast delivery. By bringing together great technology with a unique operational model, we were the first to introduce the concept of groceries being delivered to your door in minutes. Technology continues to be at the heart of our business as we expand across the globe.

Great technology is developed by great people, and that's why we're looking for talented technologists to join our GetirLocals team.

What You’ll Bring

3+ years experience in software development using Java 11 and Spring Framework
Solid understanding of Service Oriented Architecture, Microservices, OO Design patterns and distributed systems
Experience with relational and non-relational databases(MongoDB, PostgreSQL, etc)
Good knowledge of Caching(Redis, etc)
Experience in scaling applications with containers and container orchestration frameworks
Proven proficiency in Continuous Delivery and Continuous Integration best practices
Strong knowledge of unit/integration testing, including the art of mocking and writing testable code
Working on message queue and streaming systems like RabbitMQ, Kafka is big plus
Working on cloud environments like AWS is big plus
Have a strong DevOps mindset
B.Sc. in Computer Science or a similar discipline
Fluent English skills

You as a Getirian

You are a good person first, everything else is secondary. You are a champion of growth, and actively strive to be the best version of you, for yourself and your team. You value diversity, and embrace ideas over hierarchy. You aren't afraid to learn and re-learn at Getir speed. You are an initiator, in charge of your own story and your legacy.

Diversity makes us stronger. Our diverse cultures, backgrounds, beliefs, values, abilities, and lifestyles help us learn from each other. We’re proud to strive for a genuinely diverse and inclusive workplace. We know we can do better though. That’s why we hire and promote people with equity and equality in mind.

We will process your personal data as part of our recruitment procedures. To find out more, please consult our Candidate Privacy Notices.