About the job
The future is all about intelligence, and digitalization is the path for enterprises to get there. HUAWEI CLOUD opens up Huawei's over three decades of expertise in ICT and digitalization. We work with our customers, partners, and developers to dive into digital and provide everything as a service, together building the cloud foundation for an intelligent world.
Are you ready to be an expert on Huawei Cloud services? You have the opportunity to be a member of a crucial team working on Huawei Cloud’s progression in Turkey and worldwide, as a solid competitor in the cloud service domain.
The ideal candidate has a solid background in Cloud Services, Development, Analytical Approach and strategically thinks and is comfortable working across various platforms and systems.
 Description:

Manage as a cloud operation engineer in the areas of FaaS, IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, cloud Integration, developer services and cloud-native technology.
 Responsible for the migration and online delivery/support of public cloud services and solutions; participate in and guarantee the delivery/support of major projects
 Provide enablement training for cloud developers, partners and customers on how to use HUAWEI CLOUD services efficiently. Then provide strong support to them during their cloud journey
 Support after production stage (Monitoring of the infrastructure and in house application, responding to any alerts.)
   Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor's degree, majoring in computer software or similar fields.
Candidate should have an operating system experience, familiar with the basic operating commands of common operating systems Windows/Linux/HP-UNIX,
 Familiar with the installation, configuration, tuning, and troubleshooting of mainstream databases (MySQL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL
 Hands-on experience/knowledge with at least one of the public cloud providers (HUAWEI CLOUD, AWS, Azure or GCP).
 Very good command of English with strong communication skills is required to be able to communicate and clarify requirements independently and provide solutions.
 Have a good command of the installation and maintenance of data centers, storage products, desktop cloud products, and servers. 
 Knowledge of IT general technologies, such as networks, operating system, major software projects products or IT components (such as DNS, DB, LDAP/AD, etc.) technology
 Personal Required Skills:
   Agile oriented; focused on delivery and customer first,
 Adaptive; responsive for on-demand changes,
 Dedicated; working hard to finish tasks on-time with high quality,
Open; collecting feedback and defining actions for self-improvement.
 Strong issue analysis and problem-solving skills are essential,
Must be able to work on- site (Ýstanbul office - Ankara office - Ýzmir office)
  Activities:

1. Deployment
· Deploy the minimum service requirement to servers according to our technical solution document within planned time. Pressure and risk awareness are required.

2. Acceptance
· Giving acceptance after deployment according to acceptance guide documents and giving support to customer for their acceptance.
· Good communication, strong coordination capabilities, drive issues to be solved.

3. Improvement
· Summarization of delivery/acceptance issues, their solutions and gained experience by documentation to improve quality and efficiency.

4. Maintenance
· After delivery, giving support for system maintenance of issue