About the job
Interested in building products that impact millions of gamers? Want to tackle complex large-scale technical problems using the latest technologies? If you said yes, then read on!

We’re hiring exceptional people to help, build and grow our products— and to dream up new ideas that will reach millions. In this role, you will be working in a fast-paced world with some of the smartest minds in the industry.

What is waiting for you?

Keeping our tens of millions of happy players in mind;

Strong monitoring and maintaining services for keeping games stable Improve the whole lifecycle of system services from planning to go live strategy 
Optimize current CI/CD process and streamline automation effort for server provisioning and deployment 
Developing creative/exciting features with other hardworking developers, artists, and product managers! 
Researching, designing and implementing solutions which will improve services 
The chance to improve yourself inside Zynga engineering culture 

What You Need?

BS/MS degree in Computer Science or related field 
Excellent Analytical, Problem-solving, and Debugging skills 
Excellent communication skills 
Proficiency with Infrastructure as Code (Terraform is a plus) 
Proficiency with a configuration management tool (Ansible is a plus) 
Proficient with Linux operating system environments 
Experience with Amazon Web Services 
Experience with CI/CD tools (bonus points for Jenkins) 
Experience with Groovy/Jenkinsfile 
Experience with MySQL (RDS is a plus) 
Experience with RabbitMQ, Redis, Memcache, Vault, Consul 
Strong alerting, monitoring and logging experience 
Process-oriented with great documentation skills 
Comfortable learn/discuss/work with new technologies 
Comfortable working with Git 
Strong verbal/written skills in English 
Experience with at least one programming language is a plus 
Experience in understanding and designing complex distributed event-driven, large volume, highly scalable and available services is a plus 

Who we are?

We are a game studio;

In Zynga family located in Istanbul 
Responsible for biggest board and card games in Turkey and USA 
Believe in team spirit/collaboration 
Having passionate, ambitious and eager to learn/experience mates 

Zynga is an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our broad community; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other class or characteristic protected by applicable law. We welcome job-seekers, players, employees, and partners from all backgrounds. Join us!

We will consider all qualified job-seekers with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.

Zynga is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need an accommodation during the interview process, please let us know.

Zynga does not engage in financial exchanges during the recruitment or onboarding process. We do not conduct job interviews over third-party messaging apps such as Telegram, WhatsApp or others. We will never ask you for your personal or financial information over unofficial chat channels. Our in-house recruitment team only contacts individuals via official company email addresses (i.e., via a zynga.com or naturalmotion.com email domain).

If you believe you have been the victim of a scam, you may wish to contact the authorities. In the United States, you may file a complaint with the FBI. More information is available here: https://www.ic3.gov.

Careers Category: Engineering

Careers location: Ýstanbul, Turkey

Connected Worker Type: Connected

Requisition Id: P212134