About the job
We are the catalyst for the industrial world’s digital transformation.

For more than 35 years, ground breaking technologies and business models engineered and developed by Siemens Turkey R&D department contributes to the global success of Siemens

Our R&D activities focused on the fields of electrification, automation and digitalization, provides end-to-end support to our global customers on their unique digital transformation journey.

We aim to increase our strength on solution and product development with world class SW development experts, with the vision to be the digitalization partner for our global customers.

We need game changers like you, to bring the next level of smart manufacturing and infrastructure from mere concept to reality, develop tomorrow’s smart cities, and address the most critical digitalization challenges across a comprehensive range of industries.

What part will you play? 

Software development activities in the industrial domain, including design, implementation, documentation and testing
Implementation of innovative platform / application by utilizing new technologies (Mostly .Net Core, React , Node.js , Typescript and Python )
Producing high quality project deliverables within planned time and effort
Conforming to Siemens processes, quality standards and guidelines

What you need to make real what matters.

BSc., MSc. or PhD. in computer science or a related areas
3+ years of experience in software development
Very good command of English (German is a plus) 
Experience in integrating back-end web services using REST APIs
Proven skills and experience in following technologies:
C# / Java
React / Angular / Vue
Node.js
Experience in cloud native technologies is a big plus
Experience in one or more of the following areas is a plus: 
Python
Docker/Kubernetes
CloudFoundry
HTML5, CSS, JS, TypeScript
Experience in Agile Development is a plus
Strong problem solving and analytical skills

What else do I need to fulfill?

No restriction for travelling abroad

What We Offer

 Speak up Culture
 Respectful Workplace
 Being part of a global work environment
 Remote working and remote living flexibility
 Attractive remuneration package
 Excellent recognition tools providing spot awards
 Learning & Development opportunities for both personal and professional growth
 Leave days for parents and a variety of flexible working models that allow time off for yourself and your family
 Creche allowance for mothers
 Share matching programs to become a shareholder of Siemens AG
 Find more benefits here

Individual benefits are adapted to meet local legal regulations, the requirements of different job profiles, locations, and individual preferences. 

“At Siemens we are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. We need the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow‘s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds”

As Siemens we believe physical barriers are not related to potential. Only the potential matters to us. Therefore, we look forward to receive applications of candidates with physical barriers and chronic illnesses. We support healthy relationships between candidates with barriers and their colleagues because we believe we can create differences together.

Siemens is dedicated to quality, equality, and valuating diversity and we welcome applications that reflect the diversity of the communities within which we work.

We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of you ability as we will use the data to review your suitability to the role.

Please find more information from our web site:

https://new.siemens.com/tr/tr.html

Contact

If you need more information please don't hesitate to contact us.

+90 216 459 20 00 

https://new.siemens.com/tr/tr/genel/iletisim.html

insanorganizasyon.tr@siemens.com

www.instagram.com/siemensturkiye

https://m.youtube.com/user/Siemens

http://www.twitter.com/siemensturkiye

http://www.facebook.com/siemensturkiye

Organization: Advanta

Company: Siemens Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim Sirketi

Experience Level: Experienced Professional

Full / Part time: Full-time