Jismon Thomas
Phone: +1 (306) 744-3260 www.jismonthomas.com
jismonthomas18@gmail.com
KEY QUALIFICATIONS
● Over three years of experience as a web developer and web designer.
● Experienced in all the stages of web development including information
gathering, planning, design, development.
● Proficient in developing custom WordPress websites from scratch.
● Post degree diploma in web and mobile application design and
development at Langara College.
EDUCATION
Langara College, Vancouver, B.C.
September 2015 - December 2016
Post Degree Diploma in Web and Mobile Application Design and Development.
MET’S School of Engineering, Kerala, India
August 2009 – April 2013
Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Solaris Management Consultants Inc., Vancouver, Canada
January 2018 - Present
Web Designer & Front-End Developer
● Conceptualize website ideas.
● Front-end development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, and
Bootstrap.
1
Jismon Thomas
Phone: +1 (306) 744-3260 www.jismonthomas.com
jismonthomas18@gmail.com
● Developing custom WordPress themes & templates optimized for best
performance and SEO.
● Maintain and update websites ensuring the best performance.
Astute Strategist Inc., Vancouver, Canada
June 2017 - October 2017
Web Developer (Contract)
● Designed and developed a paid subscription-based blog in WordPress.
● Designed and managed email newsletter from the client to the users.
● Assisted with creating the brand logo.
● Managing and reporting the payments on the website on weekly basis.
Latest Freelance Projects
● www.dspkitchens.com - Honorable Mention & Mobile Excellence from Awwwards
● www.secretheartacademy.ca
● www.thomasvegetables.com - Honorable Mention & Mobile Excellence from
Awwwards
Latest Personal Projects
● https://github.com/jismonthomas/movies-now
○ A react.js app using TMDB API to search for movies & add them to
your list. Built using react, react hooks, redux, redux toolkit &
Bootstrap.
● https://github.com/jismonthomas/petfinder-react
○ A react.js app using Petfinder API to search for pets available for
adoption and add them to personal favorites. Built using react
hooks, redux, redux toolkit, Tailwind CSS with firebase user
authentication and real-time database.
2