Mitch Samuels Frontend Developer hello@ceev.io 7605764824
linkedin.com/in/mitchas
Minneapolis, Minnesota
github.com/mitchas
Frontend-focused web developer with a passion for design. I have experience working
with Angular, React, Django, Python, Go, MEAN stack, jQuery, and countless other
frontend and backend frameworks and tools, but I spend most of my time fighting with
HTML, Javascript, and CSS/SASS/LESS.
PROJECTS
ineedaresu.me
Mar 2015
A dead-simple resume generator that lets you create a
resume in minutes. Built on AngularJS using
localstorage to save user data. The generator creates a
well-designed resume that is printable or can be
downloaded as a PDF.
Ceev.io
February 2018
This is my latest project - basically a re-do of
ineedaresu.me since I sold that and no longer have
access to it. Ceev makes creating resumes insanely
simple on any device. Users can save their resumes to
access anywhere, and the webapp oers a ton of
customization options to create an awesome resume.
Open Source Electron Apps
December 2017
I have a few open-source Electron desktop apps
available on my GitHub @mitchas. They're tools that
I've created because they're tools I wanted to use, so I
developed them and released the source. One is a
oating transparent web browser, and another is a
super minimal FTP client.
LANGUAGES
English Native or bilingual
German Limited working
SKI L LS
CSS, Web Development, JavaScript, Web Design, User
Interface Design, User Interface, Mobile Devices, User
Experience, Graphic Design, HTML5, HTML, WordPress,
Microsoft Excel, Photoshop, PHP, HTML 5, jQuery,
Dreamweaver, Leadership
EXPERIENCE
Frontend Developer Contractor
Jun 2014 – Present Madison, WI
• Create and maintain a style guide for use throughout
our group's web applications to ensure consistent
design, fonts, colors, UI elements, etc.
• Design and apply styling and layout changes to
existing applications.
• Design and develop map-based web applications.
• Design, develop, and maintain the group home page
at wim.usgs.gov.
• Ensure mobile compatibility/responsiveness of all
group websites and applications on all platforms and
browsers.
• Make sure the sites and applications meet federal
government standards and requirements (at least if
they are reasonable requirements :)).
Freelance Frontend Web Developer Mitchs.co
Jan 2009 – Present Minnesota
• Design, develop, and deploy full-stack websites for
clients, normally using HTML, CSS/LESS, Angular, and
Firebase if needed.
• Communicate with potential clients, outlining their
needs and my abilities.
Lead Front End Engineer Export Abroad
May 2014 – Jan 2017 Madison, WI
• Advise team on usage of Frontend tools and
frameworks - Angular, Django, Bootstrap, etc.
• Design and develop the consumer-facing home page
at exportabroad.com, as well as the Wordpress blog at
blog.exportabroad.com.
• Ensure and develop mobile
compatibility/responsiveness of all Export Abroad
websites.
• Debug issues within home page and web application.
• Wireframe, design, and develop the enterprise web
application on Python/Django with Angular.
• Design and develop the company style guide to
ensure consistent styles though out the web and print.