RIKIN PATEL
Frontend Web Developer, Philadelphia, PA
484-685-6486 | contact@patelrikin.com | www.patelrikin.com
Summary:
● Front-End Web Developer with more than 18 years of progressive experience and measurable
accomplishments in providing technical direction, team and project leadership, and client-facing
support for high-profile global clients.
● Professional, detail-oriented and result-driven web developer with extensive experience in all
aspects of client-side web development using web-rich JavaScript frameworks like ReactJS.
● Recognized for the ability to provide hands-on support while managing, developing, and engaging
global teams to deliver excellence in client services.
● Experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Analysis, Design,
Development, Documentation, Testing, Deployment, Version Control and production support.
● Payment gateway Integration using PayPal, ApplePay, Stripe, PayPal Express, Paypal Credit
(BML), ShopRunner, PayRunner, Amazon and Google Checkout.
● Experience with administering and tailoring content management systems like Wordpress,
Drupal, Joomla, Alfresco, and other proprietary tools to perfectly suit the client’s requirements.
● Proficient in maintaining W3C web standards, setting standards for best practices, and ensuring
UI standards for enterprise/consumer applications are met.
● Extensive experience in creating style guides, best practices, and setting UI coding standards for
enterprise/consumer applications.
● Quick learner, adaptable to new technologies, individual performer as well as a contributing team
player with good communication skills and ability to work independently as well as in a team
environment.
Professional Experience:
Frontend Developer Consultant December 2020 - Present
Clear Secure Inc, New York, NY
● Contributed to Javascript based tech stack using React, Next.js, Typescript, and Open API.
● Contributed to web based online portal codebase, Electron JS based platform codebase and UI
Design system using CSS, SASS, Styled components and Rebass.
● Work with Product team and Backend developers to implement new features and contribute in
designing API endpoint’s request/response payloads.
Frontend Developer Consultant December 2018 - March 2021
Vertex, King of Prussia PA
● Worked as Front-end developer utilizing Javascript based tech stack that includes React, React
Router, Redux, Saga, Formik, Ag-Grid, lodash, Typescript running/served on Webpack 4, Single
SPA Micro frontend applications and Cypress/Jest test framework.
● Worked on a platform product team to implement micro-frontend architecture using Single-SPA to
incorporate various company products into a unified cloud based application.
● Write performant code dealing with large data sets to render components on UI and optimize calls
to API either to minimize http requests or make parallel http calls to reduce loading latency.
● Work with Automation QA to help implement regression automation test cases for new features.
Web Developer Consultant (Freelance) December 2019 - March 2021
The Judge Group, Wayne PA
● Worked for many isolated projects for pharmaceutical clients which were used for interactive
marketing on touch enabled devices like mobile, tablet and TV screens.
● Worked on Javascript based tech stack using React, Ionic, React Router, Ionic React, lodash,
Typescript, Ionic running/served on Webpack 4 to develop mobile and web applications.
Frontend Developer Consultant August 2018 – December 2018
IQVIA, Plymouth Meeting PA
● Worked as Full stack web developer using Angular 1.x, lodash, CSS3, HTML5 and Scala code on
Play framework as middleware wired to backend API in Agile/Scrum based project.
● Worked on implementing micro frontend architecture to break down current monolithic AngularJS
based app utilizing React/Redux, lodash, Webpack, Jest, ESLint, HTML5, SASS, and cross-app
authentication using JWT over Scala to communicate with backend REST APIs.
Frontend Developer Consultant November 2016 – August 2018
Comcast Interactive Media, Philadelphia PA
● Worked as Frontend developer with set of JS technologies that includes Angular 1.x, ES6,
lodash, Jasmine/Karma, and Gulp on NGINX server, CSS3, SASS, ESLint, HTML5 and Ruby on
Rails as middleware wired to backend API in Agile/Scrum based project.
● Worked on parallel micro frontend application architecture to breakdown monolithic legacy
Angular based app utilizing React/Redux, lodash, Webpack, Jest, ESLint, HTML5, SASS, and
Ruby on Rails as Middleware wired to backend REST API.
● Served as billing team lead with involvement in all billing area related initiatives that includes
introduction of new payment method (ApplePay) and re-factor/refresh Autopay experience,
refactor/refresh Payment/Checkout page and Billing page.
● Work with production support tickets to resolve customer issues to minimize user experience
impact utilizing debugging tools using Splunk longs and monitor New Relic based reports.
● Work with product team, cross functional teams and QA for planning and refining and completion
of user stories.
Senior Developer Consultant June 2016 – November 2016
Express Scripts Inc, Somerset NJ
● Involved in development of legacy application projects that includes technology stack of XSLT,
XHTML, Javascript, Dojo, jQuery, JSP, IBM DataPower, BroadVision IM, Unix, WebServices,
XML, JSON and Alfresco CMS.
● Worked on Frontend full stack set of JS technologies using ES6, ReactJS, Redux, Bootstrap 3,
SASS, Jasmine/Karma, Webpack in Agile/Scrum based project.
● Implemented plug-in using Javascript (vanilla) for IBM DataPower console to clear XSLT cache
on the server reducing each transaction cost by 97% of the time.
● Create architectural design, high/detailed level design document for projects, participate in team
meetings and assist cross-functional teams in clarifying system architecture in order to come up
with the best approach to meet project timeline and requirements.
User Interface Tech Manager March 2011 – April 2016
ebay Inc, King of Prussia, PA
● Lead front-end web development team with more than 15 onshore and offshore team members
for global Toys “R” Us and Sports Authority online stores with sales of more than $1.2 billion.
● Worked on several other clients that includes NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, Dicks Sporting Goods,
eToys, FAO, Aeropostale, Quicksilver, Bath & Body Works, GNC, Timberland, Ace Hardware,
Levis, Dockers, RadioShack, Calvin Klein, Tumi, Nascar, Petsmart, Spanx, Pagoda, Zales, etc.
● Achieved 100% on time and in budget project completions, boosting satisfaction rate (NPS) of
clients and oversaw resource management, development, estimations, requirements reviews,
discovery, QA, client reviews, launches, and post-launch support.
● Advanced SteinMart’s mobile commerce site through the application of Node.js, Grunt, AngularJS
1.2, SCSS and Bootstrap.
● Conduct learning sessions for developers to introduce them with new tools and technologies and
provide technical support for Responsive Web Design conversion on platform level for all clients.
● Responsible for development of cross-browser, tablet and mobile device compatible
performance-oriented frontend development utilizing best available technology and tools.
● Facilitated higher sales conversion rate through integration of third party social network tracker
and market research plugins/snippets/pixels integration on web pages.
Senior Web Developer March 2010 – February 2011
TrueAction Inc, King of Prussia, PA
● Managed performance tuning for e-commerce retail websites for multiple clients using minification
of CSS and JS files along with Image Sprites.
● Identified and conducted performance tuning of code by utilizing specialized tools such as
Dynatrace, YSlow, HTTPTrace and other proxy tools such as Fiddler and Charles Proxy.
● Provided project estimates, support escalations and production issues, deployed projects to
internal and production environments and achieved 95% delivery of SMPs that met SLAs.
● Responsible for working on frontend development using HTML, CSS, Javascript along with
backend technologies such as Java and apache tiles during launch of new multilingual webstore
for large client (Timberland) along with designing and developing email templates.
Lead Front-End Web Developer June 2009 – Feb 2010
Anagh Technologies Inc, Piscataway, NJ
● Managed team of five developers and created several dynamically generated ecommerce
websites for small business clients using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, YUI, AJAX, XML using
PHP and MySQL hosted on Apache HTTP webserver.
● Integration of PayPal and Google Checkout for user’s convenience and security in checkout.
Senior Front End/Web Developer December 07 – June 2009
Respironis Inc, Morrisville, PA
● Interacted with clients to analyze business needs, provided software product design and
developed technical roadmap for the solution through the project lifecycle and beyond.
● Contribute to scrum/agile team developing online tools for the travel & tourism industry using the
PHP/MySQL web application framework and Prototype JavaScript library.
Senior Web Developer May 05 – December 2007
Priya Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Ahmedabad, India
● Involved in performing Technical Analysis and writing Functional Specifications based on the
Business Requirement documents and application.
● Developed GUI using PHP, HTML, AJAX, CSS, Flash, ActionScript, Photoshop and JavaScript
(Prototype, Scriptaculous, Dojo, jQuery) on a LAMP architecture.
● Involved in unit/integration/volume/regression testing and writing test scripts and compilation of
project status reports.
Software Engineer June 2003 – May 2005
Indian Oil Corporation Ltd., Baroda, India
● Lead the team of three to develop an application that enabled company employees to securely
log into personal accounts, claim medical expenses, and view the updated status of their claims.
● Used PHP, HTML and JavaScript along with MySQL using Apache HTTP server to create the
application with proper input validations to eliminate any user generated errors.
Technical Skills:
● Web Development: React, Redux, JavaScript, Typescript, AngularJS, JSP, JSTL, HTML 4/5,
CSS 2/3, jQuery, Prototype, Dojo, JSON, PHP, Ajax, XSLT, XHTML and XML.
Education:
● Bachelor of Science, in Computer Science Temple University – Philadelphia, PA
● Bachelor of Science, in Computer Application and Programming Dharmsinh Desai
University – Gujarat, India
● Oracle Certified Java Programmer (formerly SCJP) – Apr 2010
● Scrum Master Certified – Oct 2013
● MongoDB Certified Developer – July 2014