About the job
Job Description

About You

We are looking for a Big Data Engineer to work with large data volumes read from scattered information sources in an organization's technology infrastructure.

You bring to Applaudo the following competencies:

2+ years of experience with Scala Spark
3+ years of data delivery, ETL (extract, transform and load) and data warehouse design, analysis, and programming experience.
Experiencie with Google Cloud Plattform.
Experience with an excellent grasp of relational and dimensional data modeling
Strong mathematical, statistical, and analytics skills
1+ year of Agile experience
English is required, as you will work directly with US-based clients.

You will be accountable for the following responsibilities:

Extracting data from different data sources and transferring it into a data warehouse environment.
Designing, maintaining, and implementing transactional and analytical data storage structures.
Design, build and maintain data pipelines, consuming for multiple sources, and servicing multiple tenants
Experience in one or more of the following DBMS: PostgreSQL, MySQL, Google Cloud Datastore, Cosmos
Experience in one or more of the following programming languages: Scala, PL/SQL, Java
Experience in one or more of the following cloud environment tools: GCP
Elaborate informative, expressive, and meaningful reports that support business decision-making processes through the information provided.
Reporting and subsequently translating the emanating results into good technical and consistent data designs.

Qualifications

Technical Skills:

2+ years of experience with Scala Spark

Experience with cloud environment tools

Additional Information

Here at Applaudo Studios values as trust, communication, respect, excellence and team work are our keys to success. We know we are working with the best and thus treat each other with respect and admiration without asking.

Submit your application today, and don't miss this opportunity to join the Best Digital team in the Region!

We truly appreciate all the hard and outstanding work our team makes every day at Applaudo Studios, and that's why the perks that we offer, are deeply thought and designed as a way to thank them for their commitment and excellence.

Some of our perks and benefits:

Work from home
Flexible schedule
Celebrations
Special discounts
Entertainment area
Flexible work spaces
Great work environment
Private medical insurance
Benefits may vary according to your location and/or availability. Request further information when applying.