About the job  SiriusXM and its brands (Pandora, Stitcher, SXM Media, AdsWizz, Simplecast, and SiriusXM Connected Vehicle Services) are leading a new era of audio entertainment and services by delivering the most compelling subscription and ad-supported audio entertainment experience for listeners -- in the car, at home, and anywhere on the go with connected devices. Our vision is to shape the future of audio, where everyone can be effortlessly connected to the voices, stories and music they love wherever they are.  This is the place where a diverse group of emerging talent and legends alike come to share authentic and purposeful songs, stories, sounds and insights through some of the best programming and technology in the world. Our critically-acclaimed, industry-leading audio entertainment encompasses music, sports, comedy, news, talk, live events, and podcasting. No matter their individual role, each of our employees plays a vital part in bringing SiriusXM’s vision to life every day.  SiriusXM is the leading audio entertainment company in North America, and the premier programmer and platform for subscription and digital advertising-supported audio products. SiriusXM’s platforms collectively reach approximately 150 million listeners, the largest digital audio audience across paid and free tiers in North America, and deliver music, sports, talk, news, comedy, entertainment and podcasts. Pandora, a subsidiary of SiriusXM, is the largest ad-supported audio entertainment streaming service in the U.S. SiriusXM's subsidiaries Stitcher, Simplecast and AdsWizz make it a leader in podcast hosting, production, distribution, analytics and monetization. The Company’s advertising sales organization, which operates as SXM Media, leverages its scale, cross-platform sales organization and ad tech capabilities to deliver results for audio creators and advertisers. SiriusXM, through Sirius XM Canada Holdings, Inc., also offers satellite radio and audio entertainment in Canada. In addition to its audio entertainment businesses, SiriusXM offers connected vehicle services to automakers.   We are looking for a Staff Software Engineer to join the User Services team within the Platform Services organization. The User Services team is responsible for building high throughput, highly available services on SiriusXM’s service platform that are critical to the user experience. This service platform will power multiple SiriusXM consumer products that reach millions of users (Pandora, Stitcher, SXM Media, SiriusXM Connected Vehicle Services).   Work with a highly collaborative group of engineers. Innovate to build performant solutions that continue to scale to the increasing demands of the business. Contribute to a healthy engineering culture and drive best practices. Lead high-level architecture discussions and planning sessions. Strive to develop simple solutions to complex problems. Ensure team-wide code quality through code reviews and PR feedback. Exhibit accountability at both a personal and team level. Author and provide feedback on technical proposals and root cause analyses.   Minimum of seven years professional experience. Expertise in Scala and functional programming paradigms. Experience designing and implementing RESTful web APIs in an enterprise setting. Deep understanding of the software development lifecycle, including the use of source control, CI/CD and various testing approaches. Deep distributed systems knowledge, having supported multiple high-throughput systems in a production setting. Experience with AWS in a production setting, preferably having leveraged offerings for compute, databases, storage, containers and serverless technologies. Experience with asynchronous programming models, preferably those that support high-throughput systems running on the JVM in a production setting. Pragmatic approach to weighing engineering tradeoffs versus business needs. Persistent sense of curiosity to understand why something is and needs to be. Accountability and a sense of extreme ownership that doesn’t end after the system is deployed to production. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Must have legal right to work in the U.S.  At SiriusXM, we carefully consider a wide range of factors when determining compensation, including your background and experience. These considerations can cause your compensation to vary. We expect the base salary for this position to be in the range of $142,500 to $220,000 and will depend on your skills, qualifications, and experience. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary short-term and long-term incentives. We encourage all interested candidates to apply.  Our goal at SiriusXM is to provide and maintain a work environment that fosters mutual respect, professionalism and cooperation. SiriusXM is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, creed, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, alienage or citizenship status, age, disability or handicap, sex, gender identity, marital status, familial status, veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.  The requirements and duties described above may be modified or waived by the Company in its sole discretion without notice.  R-2022-02-124
