About the job MCO is the shared operational infrastructure of Regent’s portfolio companies and an integral part of the firm’s overall approach to value creation. Our core mission is to transform businesses for our stakeholders by developing and delivering transformed and sustainable performance within our portfolio. We work with improvement-oriented executives to assist them in making strategic decisions, translate those decisions into actions and deliver the lasting success they need. With the help of these leaders, operating teams and individuals, MCO has the aptitude to support complex, global businesses across various industry verticals.  Overview  The SFCC Web Developer will be a pivotal member of the team by managing the technical design and code development for MCO's portfolio, specifically La Senza & Club Monaco’s Ecommerce Websites. This position will combine technical skills with demonstrated experience in partnering with business leads. We are looking for someone who is passionate to work in a collaborative environment and has the drive to deliver the same luxurious experience that La Senza & Club Monaco customers have come to expect online as they do in-store.  Responsibilities  Responsible for the technical design, code development, and performance testing of Salesforce Commerce Cloud front-end and back-end functionality for eCommerce web sites Partner with the digital, merchandising and creative teams to update site creative content to support monthly campaigns, homepages, landing pages, site banners – using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Provide attention to detail and a commitment to delivery of high-quality, stable deliverables user interfaces that delight our customers Participate in all development activities for implementing Salesforce Commerce Cloud eCommerce solutions including design, development, and testing. Serve as the Salesforce Commerce Cloud technical expert with experience in both front-end and back-end development on the Salesforce Commerce Cloud platform. Collaborate and interface with business partners to define Salesforce Commerce Cloud eCommerce technology solutions. Participate in requirements elicitation and lead the technical designs with business and vendor partners. Practice Salesforce Commerce Cloud development best practices in developing eCommerce solutions Ensure business requirements are met and technical integration is achieved. Lead solution support and problem solving activities for production incidents Provide development support for existing Salesforce Commerce Cloud web sites including functional enhancements, root cause analysis, and issue resolution Develop strong partnerships with cross-functional and inter-company peers.  Qualifications  Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or Computer Information Systems Must have at least 5+ years of Salesforce Commerce Cloud experience Expert experience with JavaScript Single Page (SPA) front-end frameworks (e.g., React, Angular, Vue, Next, etc.) Core proficiency in modern web programming technologies (Javascript, ES6+, CSS, NodeJS, etc...) Strong knowledge and experience with integrating 3rd party solutions on the Salesforce Commerce Cloud platform Experience using Photoshop to prepare images for development. Possess working knowledge in the multiple eCommerce business concepts or capabilities: user experience design, content management, personalization, web analytics, SEO, payment processors, taxation services, fraud management, and order management systems Possess knowledge and expertise in Salesforce Commerce Cloud platform architecture and design Possess working knowledge in Salesforce Marketing Cloud : customization, journey building, customer insight reporting Demonstrated ability to support multiple concurrent projects and responsibilities Ability to partner effectively with a variety of stakeholders at a variety of levels Exhibit a flexible and collaborative approach in a fast-paced environment Demonstrated ability & willingness to learn new functions/tools on an as needed basis  Salary: $ 100,000 - $ 110,000
