About the job Getir is the pioneer of ultra-fast delivery. By bringing together great technology with a unique operational model, we were the first to introduce the concept of groceries being delivered to your door in minutes. Technology continues to be at the heart of our business as we expand across the globe.  Great technology is developed by great people, and that’s why we’re looking for talented technologists to join our team.  What You’ll Be Doing  As a Full Stack Developer (80% backend 20% frontend) who will be developing modules in our internal administration panels in one of the product-based development squads , you will also be working with internal business teams from related Getir departments in order to provide integrations and solutions to their technological needs. This will involve understanding the requirements (with the help of Product Managers), researching potential tools and solutions, deciding on a course of action, and finally implementing the solutions.  Own a core part of Getir’s distributed microservices system Develop highly efficient core microservices and follow industry standards, best practices and guidelines Monitor, analyze and resolve technical and application issues Bring new technology and ideas to the table with a focus on the team's roadmap Influence cross team initiatives and mentor less experienced engineers  You Will Have:  Solid experience with Node.js as a main backend technology Experience with MongoDB & PostgreSQL Experience with React/Redux & Redux Saga Solid understanding of microservices and experience in event-driven cloud architectures Practical experience of TDD, BDD, DDD, and distributed architectural patterns Experience in end-to-end development processes, including unit, integration & functional testing, distributed architecture, application tuning/profiling, and continuous integration Extensive experience with REST APIs, relevant standards and guidelines (Richardson Maturity Model, Open API, JSON Schema) General knowledge of modern web frameworks and libraries Experience in asynchronous programming Working with Git version control system, including branching and merging strategies Knowledge of code quality tools like ESlint  Additional Preferred Qualifications:  Experience with Java / Spring Boot Experience with TypeScript Experience with Microservice Architectures Experience with Message Brokers Experience with AWS products (S3, AmazonMQ, etc.)  You as a Getirian  You are a good person first, everything else is secondary. You are a champion of growth, and actively strive to be the best version of yourself, for you and your team. You value diversity, and embrace ideas over hierarchy. You aren't afraid to learn and re-learn at Getir speed. You are an initiator, in charge of your own story and your legacy.  Diversity makes us stronger. Our diverse cultures, backgrounds, beliefs, values, abilities, and lifestyles help us learn from each other. We’re proud to strive for a genuinely diverse and inclusive workplace. We know we can do better though. That’s why we hire and promote people with equity and equality in mind.  We will process your personal data as part of our recruitment procedures. To find out more, please consult our Candidate Privacy Notices.
About the job ABOUT Jotform  Jotform is a San Francisco-based SaaS company with more than 18 million users worldwide. We are thriving and growing, and we’ve never needed outside funding. That’s because we like keeping things agile, independent and fun. Jotform believes everyone should be able to create their own online forms. Our 10,000+ ready-made form templates, 100+ integrations and more than 380 widgets have made us one of the most popular online form builders for organizations of all sizes — from small businesses to enterprises.  Since our inception in 2006, our mission has been to help users create, manage and share online forms and receive responses in the easiest way possible.  ABOUT THE ROLE  Jotform is seeking PHP Developers in our Ankara office, located at a relaxed fun environment in Hacettepe University Teknokent. As a rapidly growing company we are hiring for similar positions continuously and once an opportunity matches with your qualifications, we will contact you immediately.  Here’s what you will be doing:  Work closely with product management, front end developers, devOps and designers Design, build and deploy new features for Jotform Deliver solutions in a continuous integration flow to production having 18 million users Review and iterate architecture to ensure scale along with the growth  Education & Work Experience & Technical Requirements:  BS Degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related technical field or equivalent practical experience Experience in building web applications Proficiency in PHP (in Go and/or NodeJS is a big plus) Familiarity with Distributed Systems programming Experience in SaaS and high traffic applications are highly preferred Understanding of HTML, CSS, Javascript, React and other web technologies Solid understanding of OOP principles Working experience with CI/CD and related tools like Git and Jenkins Ability to write high-performance, maintainable and reusable code Excellent command of English  Personal Specifications/Skills:  Demonstrated ability to work independently with minimal supervision A passion to learn and keep up with the latest technologies  Jotform PERKS  High growth-paced environment with collaborative and unique team culture Generous market competitive total compensation package Health Insurance Professional Growth & Career Opportunities: We support your personal and professional development with educational materials and expenses & relevant conferences abroad to stay up to date with the latest industry trends & online courses or coaching - and support you pursuing ones that you are passionate about! Challenging projects, regular feedback, healthy competition Fun & Relax working environment: When we’re in the office; music, jeans and t-shirts are the norm & kitchens stocked with healthy & tasty snacks & drinks  OUR PROCESS  We’ll review your application along with all the others we receive and pick the top profiles for a screening call. In many cases due to time constraints and our candidate volume, only the short-listed candidates are contacted but we do consider each application carefully. If you have been selected as a short-listed candidate, we will contact you for a short screening call to get to know you better. If you don’t get a call, please don’t be disappointed! We receive many applications for each role and have to prioritize who we speak to.  Thank you for taking the time to apply for a position at Jotform!  Jotform is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.  https://www.jotform.com/job-applicant-privacy/
About the job WE ARE LOOKING FOR A NEW GAMEMATE  Actively operating in the Turkish information technology market for 20 years with high-performance gaming computers and accessories, and aiming to become a global technology brand; We are looking for "SENIOR FRONTEND DEVELOPER” for our IT Department to get even stronger. For application:   Who are we? While we are basically a technology brand that operates in the field of high-performance laptops and gaming equipment, we ultimately provide hardware services for gamers so that they can enjoy the game, have a smooth experience and feel the joy of victory.   What do we do? We manufacture high-performance laptops that can run all applications that require power and performance, especially games. We provide the latest technologies needed by gamers and professionals who work in architecture/graphic design with more affordable prices and stronger hardware configurations in comparison to global brands.   Vision / Mission Our vision is to become a global technology brand that goes beyond the borders of Turkey and create excellent customer experience thanks to the solutions we provide for the gaming world. We consider everyone who walks alongside us with the same team spirit as an integral part of this story. Our top priority at all times is to offer innovative and technological gaming equipment that could be used in all gaming activities with perfect user experience.   Where are we? We stand by everyone that wants to have a quality gaming and hardware experience. In addition to our stores in Istanbul, Ankara, and Izmir; we are all around Turkey with our online store and technical support channels. On top of our operations in Cyprus thanks to our store in Nicosia, we are on the verge of expanding to countries like Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and Egypt with our operations in Dubai.  Our operations in Europe, on the other hand, are carried out at our store in Alexanderplatz, a square in downtown Berlin. Our Berlin store provides services for all our customers as the largest gaming experience store in Europe.   QUALIFICATIONS  Having a Bachelor Degree from computer engineering, MIS or electrical-electronic engineering department of reputable Universities Having at least 5 years of experience in a similar job. Having reactive programming and software development experience Having at least six years of software development experience in JavaScript and/or TypeScript programming technologies Having React, Angular, Vue.Js, Flutter etc. Have software development experience in at least two of the front-end frameworks Having at least six years of software development experience with HTML, CSS Having knowledge and experience about micro frontend architecture Having experience in test terminology and processes Having experience in the use of continuous integration products Having knowledge and experience with Git, Docker Having knowledge and experience in project management Software development experience with DevOps and CI/CD pipeline Azure DevOps knowledge and experience added value Able to work in developing software projects with Agile/Scrum methodology Being able to communicate effectively with different units, being solution-oriented and prone to teamwork Analytical and creative thinker, problem solver. Advanced level of English both verbal and speaking Being ready and willing to follow trainings and events that will increase their knowledge and experience.    JOB DESCRIPTION  Works for maximizing the efficiency of the company by identifying the right technology. Takes necessary technical and legal precautions to provide information security Prepares needful softwares in line with user necesity for adding value to company strategies. Finds solutions with the team to ensure the regular operation of software failures. Tests the final software system, checks whether it works regularly and takes decisions on the maintenance of the software when necessary. Ensures that the prepared software works not only on computers, but also on digital devices such as tablets or smart phones. Prepares a detailed report about the software required by the company by following the technological developments. Contributes to corporate learning and corporate memory by recording all stages of software development studies and operations with documents.
